Let's contemplate the evolution of social ideas for a bit- how cultural shifts happen. They're really complex things of course, and I don't want to get into all the specific details- there are many people far more intelligent than me who have spent their entire lives studying these phenomena. But here's my ignorant layman's perspective: things like women's suffrage, the abolishing of slavery and the end of the Cold War all have something in common, in that they are emergent phenomena. They happen because millions of people were having conversations about them- people were talking about them in private, in schools, at their barbers. There are certain events that we consider to be turning points (watersheds, the history professors like to call them!), and we study those events- but I think we don't consider the importance of regular conversation nearly as much as we should. Conversations (which perhaps might be considered a subset of art- things like movies and theater that's crafted with the intent of communicating something and provoking thought) play a huge role in changing things.

Big problems are not always caused by big causes, and are not always resolved by big solutions. I'm looking at things like economic crises, poverty, human trafficking, poverty, AIDS. It's usually the sum of a lot of little things that clog up the larger system. Grand solutions rarely exist. The hardest and biggest problems we face usually can only be resolved by better fundamentals. If you want to be fit and healthy, you need to eat right, exercise well, have a healthy emotional and psychological state- to be happy with your work and your relationships with others. If we put our individual lives in parallel with the life of our species at large, similar things arise- we tend to want to solve problems with band-aid solutions. Throwing money at the poor will not solve their problems.

What changes these things? It's not immediately clear- in fact we probably won't know until after it happens. After that, we'll look back and think "oh, that's why". Nobody really predicted the end of the Cold War. (Well, maybe some people did.) But for the most part, people were preparing themselves from nuclear war. It never happened. Conversations happened instead. People were talking, they were watching movies and plays about how ludicrous it all was, the thoughts and ideas bounced all around the world- and soon people collectively started to feel that the whole conflict was a bit pointless, redundant, unnecessary- and that's what it became. The nuclear weapons are still in existence, but it no longer feels like they're going to destroy us.

Similarly, politics in Singapore has been changing- we no longer feel like our relationship with Malaysia is the most important thing that we have to worry about, and we're able to co-operate with them on things that our forefathers were unable to. We've made tremendous progress in LGBT acceptance and rights- I did not expect DADT to be repealed for at least another 10 years or so, or for gay marriage to be legalized. Why did it happen so much sooner? I think it's because people are having a lot more conversations, there's a lot more sharing of ideas, we're exposed to a lot more than our predecessors might have been. We're exposed to a lot more frivolous rubbish too, and perhaps we should tone that down- but the good stuff still happens, and it still counts. I find that places like Tumblr, Youtube and Twitter are developing minds and immune systems of their own- intolerance and bigotry is slowly and systemically being weeded out by... everyone! I find that beautiful to be a part of. I don't believe that I'm going to make the world a better place by myself- I believe we're all going to do it together. So we gotta talk about it.

I think we have to transcend egos and self-centeredness- we have to come to terms that self-interest means looking out for each other, because we are all connected, we are all a part of something greater than ourselves- and one of the best ways to empower yourself is to empower those around you. [7 Habits: win-wins.] Ideas like these I feel need to be proliferated around the world, and become a part of common sense. Perhaps I'm wrong, in which case I'll do a little more trial and error. The point is, we got to try. And fail. And try again. And fail better. We'll fail our way to success, and keep trying. C'mon. We are the ones, this is the time. We live in the most exciting period in all of human history, perhaps the most exciting period throughout the history of the universe (at least in the context of our galaxy!). We have GOT to make some incredible progress here. We have to stop looking out for ourselves in a selfish manner- I find it limiting to think locally, even- I want our generation- the people born in the 90s- to be considered the most epic motherfuckers in the history of the human race, more so than the philosophers and artists of the past. I think we can do it. (Of course, the truth is that we are all a part of a larger organism- we all owe everything to everyone that came before us, and credit is always due to those who came before, because they lit the way for the rest of us to follow.)

As Da Vinci put it- there will be wings- if not for me, then for some other. He was right. Well, there will be intelligence, thoughtfulness, compassion- if not for me, then for some other. C'mon. C'mon!!!

I imagine that the end of poverty, xenophobia and other terrible things about the world today will happen the same way. Perhaps grand things might happen- but I'm guessing it'll be a lot more slow and steady than we imagine. [Way slower and way less steady.] People will gradually and collectively figure things out, through trial and error. So we need to work on increasing the number of proper and documented trials, reduce unnecessary and stupid errors, and ensure that those errors are survivable. And we need to talk, we need to talk a whole lot about what we think, about what we want. Who's going to change the world? Everybody, and nobody. It's a process that's greater than ourselves and it will be our duty and honour to be a part of it.

Personally I'm interested in understanding this process a little better, in the "I can do it" sense. I want to see the end of militant nationalism and xenophobia- I want to play a role in challenging people to think about it. To think globally, to see the bigger picture.

Too often we use the status quo as justification for what cannot be done in the future. You'd think we'd have learnt by now. We look at our ancestors with embarrassment, thinking- how on Earth were they able to convince themselves that racism, slavery, alchemy and other such primitive ideas were okay? Our descendants will think the same of us, wondering why we struggle with silly things like nationalism, xenophobia, homophobia, climate change. We'll look like a bunch of idiots!

I want to play a role in strengthening and perpetuating ideas that will stimulate and encourage human thought and initiative- to influence popular imagination, to encourage people to think for themselves, to challenge themselves and one another to be constructive, to create and transcend. We need to learn to manage systems- our health, our emotions, our finances- and each other. Obama's more perfect union, Socrate's Gadfly- to synthesize disparate ideas, to reveal harmony, to ignite interest in the wisdom of the ancients, to constantly contrast unexpected ideas from different schools of thought.

I know I'm not being very clear here, that's the problem with rambles like these. I'm sacrificing some degree of clarity and accuracy in an attempt to get my thoughts out. Feel free to criticize and engage me on this so that I can improve the expression of my position- please do, the honour is mine.

Video game developers know something that the rest of us don't. Not all developers, of course- I'm talking about the ones that develop the good games. Games that are immersive and addictive.

It's 4am in the morning and I can't sleep. My mind is heavy with thoughts. I tried meditating. It didn't seem to help. I figure that writing is my only salve at this hour.

Here's a thought. I could download Diablo 2 right now- or Darkstone, or Grand Theft Auto: Vice City- and I would sit down and play it for hours. I would play and play and play until I'm physically tired of the act. Why? How does it work? And why don't I display the same sort of conviction towards my other activities in life? The only things I've ever been nearly as obsessed about as video games are reading and masturbation. The latter is easy to understand- sexual pleasure is a very base and primal element of the human psyche. It's a side-effect of the need for reproduction. It makes sense that natural selection has made us very sexual creatures. Well, I don't understand it completely, but the impulse is understandably strong.

Reading is a little more interesting and complicated. What keeps a person reading? Interest, intrigue, curiosity. There's something about reading that makes me want to keep reading. The quote by Patti Smith comes to mind- you want to read everything, and each thing you read makes you want to read more things. The thirst for knowledge is immense. I could spend hours on Quora, too.

Quora, Facebook, Reddit- how do they work? How do they manage to put me under their spell, how do they wrap me around their little fingers? This is something painful and humbling to concede- that I am not nearly as in control of myself as I'd like to believe. But as always, awareness of the problem is the first step.

I have to gamify my life to get myself to do the things that I know I must do. Somehow, the manner in which I am doing it is insufficient. I don't want to be one of those unfulfilled people obsessed with bettering myself because I feel somehow deeply unwhole, unworthy or empty in some sense, no. I'm just frustrated that I am so easily swept by the tides of whim and fancy. By the Ad and the Id. I'd like to be able to pursue what I say I want to pursue. I'd like to feel the beautiful feeling of doing, and the feeling of done, rather than "I'm gonna," or "I will".

Procrastination to me is a case of bad design. Procrastination is not a disease, I think- it is merely a symptom. Nobody procrastinates while playing video games. (Well, you might put aside fighting a boss because you're busy acquiring loot- but even so, you're doing something productive and valuable). Nobody procrastinates in a video game- when you're in a video game, you have fun. Why don't we do the same in real life?

Because real life isn't nearly as well designed as video games are. It's a lot more complex, for one, so naturally it's not going to be able to be broken down as easily. But when we think about things like school, or work- video games have gamified human motivation in a way that everything else simply hasn't caught up with.

I'm going to make sure that I write a minimum of 800 words in 15 minutes every single day. This is an example of such word vomit. I'm not going to format anything, I'm just going to post it up. This is a part of my self-schooling process- raw quantity. This is how I'm going to transcend writer's block. I'm going to be posting something Every. Single. Day. I'm sorry if this is frustrating to witness. I don't expect anybody to read this- if you do, I think you're a little too free and you need to spend your time reading better material. I'll let you know when I'm working on something good.

What else am I going to be doing that is of importance and value? How can add value to my readers, how can I be more useful to you guys? It would be great if you could leave me some comments- share with me your thoughts or ideas as to how I could make this experience better for you. I recorded a few covers on youtube today and it felt great. It feels good to move forward, to get things done. Gamification is the key. I have to face life the same way I face an exciting book, or any of my favourite video games. I have to see the parallels. I have to get caught up in creating, in producing, in doing what I believe is important and essential.

I know that my writing voice is awfully convoluted when I don't think before I write, or if I write in this stream-of-consciousness way (like I'm doing now) without doing any editing. I wonder if it would be possible to develop a more refined stream-of-consciousness, with an economy of words AND clarity of thought... I had to slow down there for a few seconds to choose my words. I don't think it works that way. If you go fast, you end up like Russell Brand. If you go slow, you end up like Lee Kuan Yew. Both ways are pretty cool, without any uhs or ums.

The truth is I'm excited. I should be excited. I was feeling a bit stressed and nervous because it seems like I have way too much ahead of me. But I just need to take things a step at a time. Kill one monster at a time, and collect the loot. I know I should be taking baby steps, yes, but I should also be getting "baby loot". I should be reaping the little rewards for the little acts worth doing.

This is the end of today's word vomit. I will do 1,000 of these.

It's 4:25am- again? And I'm wondering whether it's a good idea to build this practice of writing at such a late hour. Still, I think it's better to write than to not write, so here goes. This is an experiment in stream-of-consciousness writing with absolutely minimal editing.

There are two things on my mind- late night conversations, and truths that have emerged through trial and error. (Truths that I have learnt about myself and how I operate.)

First, late night conversations. I just had one with a few of my close friends and it was a great experience. I am thankful for my late night conversations with close friends. We inevitably talk about a bit of everything- about people, about places, about ideas. We talk about what we've experienced, we talk about what's on our minds, we talk about what's interesting, what's novel, what's new, what's old, what's familiar, what's different, what's fun. The most interesting thing of all about these conversations, I find, is not what you talk about, but the act of conversation itself. What you communicate to one another simply by choosing to communicate to one another. I exist, and you exist, and you are valid, as am I, and we have perspectives that are interesting and valuable that we ought to clash together just to see what emerges. It's very life affirming. Conversations are my favourite thing.

I like to think of conversations as a kind of engagement. It doesn't have to be between living people- you could have a conversation with yourself, or an unseen audience (which I am doing now, I think). You could have a conversation with a piece of art, or something completely mundane, and it might be interesting or relevant to you. Conversation to me is the act of clashing, the process where things get shaken up and swirled around so that new ideas and perspectives emerge, things that are perhaps different in terms of breadth, depth, clarity or brevity. This is the source of learning and insight. I especially like the social element of it all- the act of conversation validates experience, it validates existence- we could be talking about little-nothings, but the act of talking is somehow meaningful, otherwise we wouldn't be doing it.

You could say that we do meaningless things- that is true. I'm not entirely sure how to tell the difference between a meaningful conversation and a meaningless one, but I think we all intuitively know the difference- we know it when we see it. It's the same feeling we feel when we encounter good art. Something engages you, something shakes you up, something changes inside you. Interestingly, what is meaningful to one person could be devoid of meaning to another, and what is meaningful on one occasion might not be so under different circumstances. It's all pretty cool to think about.

A random quote I remember reading somewhere- late night conversations are the best, because we speak the truth when our eyelids are heavy. I'm paraphrasing that, of course, but there's something about tiredness that forces you to be a little more economical. It's kind of like living with the shadow of death- when reminded of our own mortality and limitations, we strive harder to make meaning somehow.

On to self-evident truths. I discovered during my NS that I can write in far greater volume when I write with pen and paper, as opposed to writing into my blog's display in a browser. The obvious difference, of course, is distraction- I can't open a new tab while I'm writing with pen and paper. That sort of writing requires full engagement- or rather, full engagement is the only option, because there are no distractions. I'm experiencing something similar right now as I write into my "Write Or Die" app, where I have 15 minutes to write 1000 words, and I don't have time to think, to adequately structure my thoughts. You just take your thoughts and you run with them without knowing where they're going to lead.

I think there's something to be said about how writing-while-editing is qualitatively different from writing without editing, then editing afterwards. I get much more words out, for one. Does that mean anything useful? Is it just drivel? It could be, but I don't really think so. I think there's an element of "free association" that happens when you write without editing- you take paths that you might otherwise avoid when you're overly conscious of the act of writing. When I'm self conscious about my writing, I probably tend to stick to certain paths, certain formulas, certain tactics. When I don't have the luxury (or burden) of self-consciousness, perhaps I am freer as a writer- or perhaps I lapse into other patterns and formulas. Time will tell. What I do know is that it's worth trying something different for the sake of it, so that I can compare and contrast the different approaches. I do find this process (writing without editing) to be much more cathartic- instead of trying to sip from a firehose, I spray the firehose into a container, and perhaps drink from it afterwards, when my thoughts have settled and I have a clearer idea of what I want.

My paragraphs are certainly longer and more verbose, and I kinda apologize for that. Then and again, when I write in this state, I write for nobody's consumption but my own. (I still have 2 minutes and 46 seconds to go, and we're at 900 words). Wow. That's pretty startling. It shakes me up to realize that I could write a thousand words in under 15 minutes, even if it isn't of particularly stellar quality, even if much of it is mush. Because I used to think that such quantity takes hours and hours of practice. I suspect this isn't the case, I suspect I had vastly underestimated my own capabilities, and that the act of multi-tasking (writing and editing at the same time) greatly slows me down- (1000 words!). Multi-tasking is just a generally bad idea. It makes more sense to focus on one thing at a time- content generation, and then content curation. You don't know in advance what will work best, so it's better to just wing it, and then count your kills afterwards.

This is incredibly cathartic and therapeutic for me, and I plan to make it a habit. Who knows what my next session will bring. That said, I cannot waste time trying to linger too long on a particular matter. (Perhaps sometimes that might pay off, but I don't think it makes sense to do that when you're trying to form a new habit altogether.) So I'm going to go to bed early- or as early as 4:40am can be, and perhaps contemplate what it means to be able to generate so much more content than I formerly thought possible. This is going to be interseting- to me, at least.

I love the internet but sometimes I hate it too, because it's so easy to get blissfully lost in it without creating anything of substantial value. But technically it isn't the internet that deserves hate- (well, does anything, really?)- what's upsetting is my own human tendency and taste for petty distraction and superficial engagement. I could spend the rest of my life simply clicking and scrolling around the internet.

I AM pretty pleased to have gotten some recognition for my general internet time-spending. I've been awarded a "Top Writer of Quora 2012" award, something reserved for only 492 out of tens of thousands of writers. My contemporaries include Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales. I like the idea that, given sufficient time and space, I naturally tend to try to create something meaningful instead of merely scrolling around. But I shouldn't leave this things to chance- nobody ever really creates amazing things by accident.

That's something I'd like to talk about further. I was watching a video last night called The Overview Effect, which describes the profound experience of cognitive restructuring experienced by astronauts seeing Earth from space for the first time. It's a deeply spiritual experience, and you can see it in the eyes of the astronauts being interviewed as they recall their experiences from so many years ago.

What I want to focus on is this- almost every astronaut describes how he or she wanted to involved in space ever since he or she was a child. Nobody becomes an astronaut by accident. I mean, there may have been serendipitious moments involved, of course- they might have been studying in a related field, met someone who could bring them over, so on and so forth. But nobody ever creates anything of magnificent value through pure accident. Nobody wrote a novel by meeting the right person for coffee- did they? Even if it were possible, that's an awfully risky strategy that I wouldn't count on.

What I'm trying to say is- it's clear that value comes from deliberation and recursion- from focusing over and over again on the same thing, from multiple angles and perspectives. You can't just meet someone for coffee and be inspired to write a novel- you might have to meet that person over and over, you might have to meet multiple people, you have to think about it, write drafts... novels are re-written more than they are written, said some famous writer, and I'm inclined to agree.

That's still not exactly clear- what I'm saying is that we need to be deliberate, because unless we are deliberate about how we want our lives to be, we will be swept away by the wind- by forces beyond our control, both from within and without. We will become victims of our biology and of our sociology, of our inward impulses and of social pressure. We will act without thinking, in accordance with what is destined for us. We have to fight that if we want to do anything meaningful. We have to develop a vision for ourselves- and I think most of us will, if we pay attention to ourselves and just listen, find that we already have a fairly well-developed vision of who we want to be, of what sort of work we want to do. We develop this over time, in quiet moments of reflection, meditation and insight. But these quiet moments are drowned out by the bustling highways of advertising and social pressure and insecurity and fear and desire, everything inside of us and outside of us that's beyond our control.

There will always be things that are beyond our control, but I think we do have the ability to set certain parameters- we have a little space that is all our own, and what we do with that space is up to us, and what we do with that space will define our legacy, will create meaning for ourselves in the present...

I think all my life I have feared discipline because it involved ceding control and autonomy to a framework that I was personally suspicious of. Why should I study so hard? Why should I put in so much effort? How do I know it will pay off? I was suspicious of all of that. I couldn't trust the world just because people told me to. I had not personally encountered any proof which I found persuasive or convincing. It seemed to me that I could get through life just coasting along doing as little as possible, and that seemed pleasurable to me- why should I bother working hard, just because you tell me to? (I'm not going to be a part of your system, man!!!")

But now as I get older, I'm starting to develop a more personal, intuitive understanding of how discipline works. If you choose your pursuit well and you design your experience properly, discipline and routine gives you more freedom- it allows you to do the work that you feel you need to do, without having to waste valuable cognitive energy thinking about when or how you have to do it. You just do it and you build this vast... body of work, whether it's practice hours in the pool, or studying, or writing, or whatever it is that you know you have to do.

The realization is dawning on me that routine and discipline, if well chosen, is a joy rather than a burden. But a well chosen discipline expands freedom rather than diminishes it- because while you do lose an immediacy of autonomy for a few minutes or hours, maybe, you stand to gain freedom in terms of options. You expand your reach. You have more "money in the bank". You just need to find out what "money" is to you, and habitually deposit it in your bank.

Nobody ever taught me this, they just told me to shut up, stop doubting and obey. I think- if I were a teacher, or a parent, and I had to teach "discipline", I wouldn't teach it at all. What we should be doing instead is asking, what would you like to be doing? What would you like to explore, who would you like to be? What do you have to do to get to where you want to go?

I want to be a writer. It is clear to me that if you want to be a writer, you have to write. So I would gladly invest, until death, a good half or more of my life into the practice of writing. It doesn't matter if I never get any credit for it, it doesn't matter if I never publish a single book- writing is its own pursuit for me, it's own joy. Enlightened discipline and routine yield freedom- there is freedom to be found once the work is done, and there is freedom to be found in the doing of the work which you find meaningful.

(A big part of the process of writing is re-writing- and there is none of that here. Patience. One thing at at time.)
Academia wasn’t a great fit for me. I don’t want to blame institutions too much- they serve their purpose, they are useful, they are good, yes. I just never developed the necessary skill-set to make the most of the opportunities I had in front of me. I didn’t even recognise them as opportunities at the time- they seemed like setbacks, troublesome problems to be avoided as much as possible. The only thing I really developed was the ability to shirk my responsibilities and obligations- something which still lingers with me today as a poisonous habit. I would like to eradicate it, I would like to be a responsible man who honours his words and performs his obligations dutifully. This is a work in progress for me, and I am immensely grateful to everybody who tolerates me despite my shortcomings (especially my girlfriend and my close friends, who are often victims of my incompetence.)

I completed secondary school and JC by skiving as much as possible. I repeated a year in JC. I slept through most lectures, skipped school whenever possible and did as little homework as I possibly could. It is interesting to consider that my teachers weren’t nearly as frustrated with me as they perhaps should’ve been- though on further thought, that’s a very egocentric perspective; a teacher should choose, for her own sanity, not to get overly invested in the future of an uncommitted and lazy student. She has enough rubbish to deal with just by being a part of the frustrating bureaucracy that is the industrial-era education system, and the maddeningly thankless job that teaching can be.

Many teachers did express their disappointment with my work ethic. I have been told more than a few times that I could’ve been so much more if I had only put in the effort. For the longest time, I wore this as a badge of honour. On hindsight, this was a pointless exercise in superficial rebellion- what Nassim Taleb would describe as a “cosmetic defiance of authority”. As I reconsider the narrative of my past, I think my refusal to study or do my homework was significantly a manifestation of my own insecurity. I was more interested in being smart than in being hardworking, and I was afraid of what I’d learn about my own incompetence if I started caring about my work. Better to be lazy than stupid, I thought. Better to be uninterested than incompetent.

I can’t reduce my academic experience to just that, though. That’s an oversimplification, a consequence of a sort of bias we all have to construct linear narratives with lucid plots. There were definitely times where I sat down and thought to myself, “Dude, you really have to get your act together and start studying hard for your own sake.” I remember that there was a period of time after retaining in JC1 where I set out to get on the Honour Roll, to try and gain some legitimacy for my inflated sense of self-worth. This was a fruitless endeavour. I think I went about it the wrong way.

To say “I didn’t want it badly enough,” or “I wanted it for the wrong reasons,” both feel overly simplistic as explanations. I think the problem might have been a little more “concrete” than that- I simply didn’t possess the necessary skill-set for navigating the circumstances I was in, and I would quickly get frustrated and give up. I was the proverbial fish trying to climb a tree. I didn’t have the necessary habits in place to get really good at my work, and I didn’t know how to properly build them.

(“How to build a habit” is incredibly important knowledge that we should all be taught on. This will be a part of my self-schooling. How do you deliberately build a habit that you decide is important and meaningful? Margaret Thatcher’s quote comes to mind- watch your thoughts, they become actions, habits, your legacy/destiny, etc. That’s a really beautifully simple idea, but how much time and energy do we actually devote to it?

How many of us actually sit and reflect on our own thoughts, our own habits, on where we are headed in our lives? I didn’t bother with this very much- a teenager would usually tell you that he had better things to do. I did have a few of those moments from time to time, and they were often awfully poignant, and rather depressing. Sometimes my parents or my friends would shake me up and put me in my place, and I would see myself for what I was. This never lasted very long, probably because of cognitive dissonance. It’s painful to be aware of your own failings, and the impulse tends to be, where possible, to get rid of that awareness. I imagine a daily habit of reflection and contemplation would have had a disproportionately significant effect on my academic endeavours, and my quality of life in general. I tend to forget how troubled I was all the time back then, living in constant worry about undone work. I actually would lose my appetite because of the fear I had for the repercussions of undone homework, and this was a source of emotional distress for me in my adolescence.

It is interesting as I write this to consider how I have the impulse to say “I was stupid and unenlightened then.” Yes, I was, a lot of the time, but not always. Sometimes I was clearly aware of how stupid I was being, how incompetent I was at navigating the situation I was in, how pathetic I was. But this almost never translated into significant change- my attempts to get fitter fizzled, my attempts to get more responsible fizzled, my attempts to do my homework fizzled, and I never had the persistence to keep pushing against what appeared to be a brick wall. In those areas, it appears that I developed quite a sad habit of giving up.

Well, that was a rather sad thought to explore. But there is a silver lining in there- having been through all of that was necessary for me to arrive at my present state. (I’m reminded of Guruka Singh’s assertion that God created you perfect the way you are, and everybody is perfect at all times... I’m not religious, and of course, such an idea is easily disputed because absolute, abstract perfection does not exist, but there is something to be said about a kind of calm and graceful acceptance that subsequently leads to more sustainable, desirable action.)

What is exceptionally sad and heart-rendering for me, now that I think about it, is to think about how there must be many students alive right now, going through the education system right now, feeling exactly as I did back then. Nothing anybody ever said to me ever seemed to be particularly helpful at the time (although some of their words continue to resonate with me to this day, and may have borne fruit since, or may bear fruit in the future). I wonder if I can help them. I wonder if my experiences and thoughts can be useful to them, and if I can help them get through their existential suffering better than I got through mine on my own. (Of course, you could say that ultimately everybody deals with their issues themselves, but at the opposite end of the spectrum, no man is an island, and our thoughts and ideas and perspectives are always a consequence of what we are exposed to.) I wonder if I could say or do anything that would be of help to those kids going through what I went through. That would be meaningful to me.

That was a minor digression- back to the idea of a silver lining. Today I believe I am at a crossroads (aren’t we always? LOL. So dramatic)

I just stopped to take a piss, and as I was in the process of contemplative urination (hur hur) I thought about what I’m doing. (Not the pissing lah, the writing.) It occurs to me that if I am successful, or unsuccessful, on hindsight I will be able to choose from a wide range of possible explanations. If I am successful, it is because I have reached a crossroads in my life and picked the higher path. There was a critical mass, a threshold moment of insight where suddenly everything clicked and made sense and I know my life’s calling and I know what I must do. Or... it could also be that I had finally eliminated my sources of distraction (curse you, Internet and your endless supply of exciting content!) If I am unsuccessful, it might be because I thought too highly of myself, I committed myself to something beyond my capabilities, I tried to do something that I wasn’t capable of. Or maybe I just wasn’t motivated enough, or maybe I was motivated by the wrong reasons.

Do you see what I’m getting at? Things go right and things go wrong and our attempts to explain them are heavily modified and coloured by our own selfish interests. I like to think of the self as a collective rather than a single distinct entity (out of one, many!), so chances are, whichever voice in my head has the most political sway or power will get to dominate the discourse on why I was successful or unsuccessful. I think this adequately explains why so many people give different explanations for the same phenomena- our explanations tell us more about ourselves than they tell us about the actual phenomena, which we actually know pathetically little about. (I just caught myself thinking “I hope Nassim Taleb is proud of me for saying that. Haiyergh.)

So the point is, it’s largely pointless to talk about why things happen the way they do. “Things happen for a reason” is also an overly simplistic way of doing things. (We can always find a reason that suits our interests. Our minds are such selfish, manipulative pricks!)

Like that then how? How like that? I find myself thinking of Tim Harford’s Adapt, and The God Complex. (It’s a fantastic book, and I recommend it to everybody.) The God Complex is not to be confused with The God Delusion, which is Richard Dawkins’ criticism of religion. (Another great read, but not relevant to our present train of thought.) The God Complex is a consequence of our selfish manipulative prick minds- it’s when we pretend to know what we’re talking about, or why something happened, or how something works, when the truth is that things are almost always way too complex for us to actually comprehend. The God Complex is a fatal conceit (Ah, Hayek’s Fatal Conceit, about the flaws of centralized economic planning- is an example of The God Complex. So too is Jane Jacobs’ The Death And Life Of Great American Cities, which describes how urban planners suffer from The God Complex. Jacobs must have been a strong influence on Tim Harford, I remember him quoting her in his book The Logic Of Life. Interesting how these ideas develop over the years).

BASICALLY (semi-sorry for that rant, but not really- you don’t have any business reading this anyway, this wasn’t designed for your consumption, but I do realize that I could have written it better, and maybe I shall in the future, feel free to leave comments), things are too complex for us to understand. (This is also expressed beautifully by Taleb’s Black Swan... I can’t wait to read Anti-Fragile, which is the next book I’m going to devour after Greene’s Mastery)...

BASICALLY... (lol) things are too complex for us to understand. We SHOULD study our inevitable explanations of how things happen- but more so we can understand OURSELVES rather than the phenomena we’re trying to explain...

BASICALLY (LOLOLOL) the best way to understand things appears to be linked to the scientific method- through speculation and the TESTING OF HYPOTHESES. (most important) Only through rigorous testing can any insight be truly valid- or at least relatively more valid than cheapskate “I also have” opinions.

So this entire pursuit in a way- this practice of writing, and this attempt to diverge from the beaten path of a University education (rather than diverging within the path, I’d like to avoid it altogether and beat through the thick undergrowth where I don’t really see anybody else going, at least not in my personal life), should be the testing of a hypothesis. Yes, I know, it’s also a kind of retaliatory thing- sour grapes, etc- but after the dust has cleared, and after thinking about it for months, ultimately I have to go with my deepest gut feeling that there’s some magical, powerful source of insight and value to be gained by venturing off the beaten path, but nobody seems to be doing it. Greene wrote about how Wilbur Wright experienced a strange sensation that convinced him that him and his brother, despite being mere bicycle-makers, could somehow overtake everybody who had a head-start over them in the race to develop a functional airplane. The others had impressive degrees, technical expertise and thousands and thousands of dollars of funding, while all they had was their own ingenuity, unique perspective and limited resources from the profits of selling bicycles.

I want to be Wilbur Wright.
I never signed on to any uniformed group or large institution because I have a powerful inner voice that tells me that my most important Life’s Work will require me to operate as an independent agent- as Steve Jobs said, it’s better to be a pirate than to join the Navy.

THAT SAID, I have on a few occasions seriously contemplated signing on. I believe that what made me want to sign on would be instrumental in getting people to actually sign on- because if you could persuade someone as renegade and anti-authority as me to sign on, then you should reasonably be able to persuade a lot of other people, too.

What persuaded me to contemplate signing on? Simply put- high quality individuals. I witnessed a lot of incompetence and stupidity during my NS experience, but I also had the genuine pleasure of encountering a few individuals who amazed me with their qualities. There are two particular guys I really admired- Warrant Ee from BMTC, Major Simon from SOTSC. (And a third would have been my VS Principal, Maj. Low Eng Teong.) I would seriously considering signing on to understudy any of these men.

I was also blown away by the professionalism and camaraderie of the gentlemen at Parachute Wing. I remember being a fly on the wall while the Red Lions were
having a post-jump debrief session. I’m used to seeing meetings being annoying and wasteful- people sitting around twiddling their thumbs, nobody really wanting to be there. I remember this was the complete opposite of what I expected, which is why this still sticks with me to this day. There was a small group of them, and they were all thoroughly engaged. There was no bureaucracy, no real formalities- everybody quickly shared their perspectives and opinions, one of them was leading the meeting but it was clear that any of them could have done it. The whole thing was a lesson to me in succinct badassery. They were succinct and effective, chop chop, cover everything, anything to take note of, what we can do better next time, how we can save ourselves this, what we’re going to do, done. Clinical, like assassins. And they were all fit as hell.

I remember being thoroughly impressed by the parachutists’ attention to detail, their focus, their knowledge. Lots of them were older guys, but their thinking and their modus operandi was sharp and no-nonsense.

I remember Major Simon being incredibly thoughtful and considerate. He once came to my store to talk to me, a lowly recruit. I remember him asking me, “Is there anything I can do to make your job easier?”  Everybody liked him. He was fit, intelligent, wise. I still think of him when I think about what it means to be a great leader. I remember actually being bummed out a little when I was posted out of that unit, because it meant that I would lose the opportunity to learn more from him.

I was always very impressed with how the commandos got stuff done when things needed to get done. I suppose putting together NDP every year is itself a pretty impressive logistical feat. If I wanted to promote the SAF, I imagine I’d talk about how we get our NSFs trained way quicker than most other militaries (I was told this story by some encik, not sure how true it is...)

Warrant Ee was what I’d call a ground-level philosopher. He was full of wisdom and insight. He was a reflective guy who’d clearly witnessed a lot. (I can totally imagine how he’d mock me for saying such nice things about him, lol) I know some of my peers found him a little bit annoying because he liked to talk so much, but I always enjoyed listening to anything he had to say. I remember him talking about how you should distrust anybody who claimed to be an expert on guns or anything else, because he himself had years of experience and was constantly learning. I remember him talking about the problem of accidental discharges happening despite any number of fail-safes, because of human error and our habit of assuming that someone else would have done their job, so we can be a little lax on our own.

Anyway the point is- it seems to me that there’s a gap between what people really love about being in the SAF, and what the SAF attempts to use to persuade people to sign on. The best SAF advertisement I’ve seen so far is the 40 years of NS one, where it shows the father and son going through their respective BMT experiences. There’s some real emotional weight in that one. I feel like it’s a little wasteful that this isn’t translated to their broader marketing campaigns. Does anybody remember the “My Boyfriend, Our Army” campaign? That one was just ripped to shreds by the public- mrbrown had a field day. This happened because nobody seriously is impressed by military personnel on the basis of them being personnel. The lighthearted fun approach is ironically the harder emotion to get right. If you really want to capture that, I think you have to show funny moments in the actual context of the military, where people actually laugh- hearing funny NS stories, etc.

Basically, it’s a stupid idea to try and create an artificial depiction of reality, when instead, you ought to use what already works- what already moves people, what already makes people laugh, what already makes people feel patriotic. I remember feeling patriotic when I walked into the army logistics base and I saw towering crates of emergency supplies. I remember my encik telling me about how quickly we execute our humanitarian rescue missions to other countries.

3: I never said that 99% of my time would be spent reflecting or having conversations. (Straw Man.) It could be 5% of the time or less. That can still make all the difference. Traipsing around a goddamn jungle with a rifle and pack is a lot more meaningful when you're doing it alongside brothers-in-arms you give a shit about, under the orders of a man or woman you respect.

I met a ton of people during my service who were whip-smart and brilliant in their own unique ways. They ran the gamut from government scholars to tattooed PSLE dropouts; they did not leave me with a better impression of the armed forces as a whole, unfortunately, and certainly did not inspire me towards committing my life to a grossly inefficient organisation that said more about what it intended to do than actually doing it.

3. I'm glad that you've managed to see what pretty much everyone else would consider unnecessary and onerous as meaningful. I do not mean that in a sarcastic way; it is rare that anyone would speak so highly of such an unpleasant experience. The people at your side and those leading you honestly do not in any way detract from the heat, sweat, leeches, and weight of the gear you lug through nigh impenetrable terrain. It sounds fun on paper, but that's about as far as it goes.

Don't let me pop your bubble - I would be the last to prevent you from seeing things in a positive light.

> "2. I did. The irony is that you pointed out the need for Super Cool True Encik Life Stories in lieu of glorifying people simply for the sake of them wearing a uniform."

Here's the difference- Super Cool True Encik Life Stories are actually true. You may or may not relate to this, but if you sign on, you DO actually get a shot at hearing some awesome stories, and creating your own. You DON'T get to be glorified for the sake of wearing a uniform. Isn't it better to focus on something real that something non-existent?

> "they did not leave me with a better impression of the armed forces as a whole, unfortunately, and certainly did not inspire me towards committing my life to a grossly inefficient organisation that said more about what it intended to do than actually doing it."

Sure. I'm not a fan of the SAF as a whole, either. I'm not signing on, either, and I wouldn't really encourage anybody to do it unless they were really passionate about it. Do you realize that I'm playing Devil's Advocate throughout this whole post? o_O

Today's thoughts are about recurring insights, and about changing yourself versus changing the world. Da Vinci said that no man can have any dominion greater or lesser than over himself. That's a pretty cool idea- the idea that you can't control anything beyond yourself, but that in itself is the greatest achievement you could possibly make- all else is secondary. I think it was Osho who said that men often talk about changing the world, but few often talk about changing themselves. I'm guilty of that. I remember thinking "I'm going to save Singapore". But as Les Brown says, you can't change people, it's a full-time job changing yourself. A lot of the time I focus outwards and think "This gotta change, that gotta change," I neglect to look at myself first. (Speck in his eye, plank in mine, etc.)

Why, though? Is that important? Or shall we go straight to the what? If I am to allow my narrative-constructing mind to take a shot in the dark, I'd guess that it somehow feels more noble and "right" to focus on the world than on yourself- focusing on yourself seems selfish, egoistic. But that's not entirely true. Thinking you can change the world is egoistic, thinking you have a right to do so is even more egoistic. Maybe it's just a matter of boredom- changing yourself doesn't seem like a particularly exciting task. Power over self doesn't immediately seem as appealing as power over others, until you really sit down and ruminate about it.

So that should be a clearer aim, huh? Power over self. Self-mastery. He who will not obey himself will be commanded. It's a pretty clear warning signal that emerges from many different philosophers and thinkers, if you pay attention.

I've been spending some time trying to distill some signal from the noisy data I have of my life. I was tracking my life through much of my NS life, through the 90 week project. I was hoping it would change me completely- and I think it did, to a large extent, but not nearly as dramatically as I hoped. I think that's another recurring motif. Positive dramatic changes are rarer and less dramatic than we'd like them to be.

Other recurring motifs: The importance of sleep and hydration. I'm drinking an ice-cold glass of water now, but it seems to me that for most of my life, dehydration was an unnecessary ailment. Sleep deprivation is possibly the biggest problem of all, because being sleep deprived leads to being less conscious, and you're less proactive when you're less conscious, and everything else just starts falling apart from there.

The importance of time management. This one goes way back to my schooling days, where I'd never do my homework, spend too much time watchnig anime, think that I'll be able to do everything in a few minutes, fail miserably, wake up tense and nervous, copy what homework I can, get scolded by teachers and parents... it was a life of great anxiety. I convinced myself that it was exciting, challenging, interesting- and to some degree it was, but in another sense I was really just a victim to my habits and routines. There was no true freedom there.

Importance of letting things go, of staying peaceful and calm, to not get entrenched in lengthy arguments, to avoid taking things too personally, to avoid getting combative. Avoid heartbreak warfare. These are things that I have to learn and re-learn from time to time. Life is a long lesson in humility. That's a good one.

I was thinking about how these insights need to be close to our hearts and minds at all time- and to make that happen, it makes sense to engineer our environments to maximize that. I was writing back in 2010 or 2011 about how I need to engineer my circumstances to ensure that I write as much as possible- and I'm still thinking the same thing today. When I get my own home, I'm going to engineer the hell out of it- every item, every decoration, every choice I make must elicit some sort of beauty, it must inspire me and remind me of what is beautiful, what is good, what I need to do, what needs to be done. I need quotes from my favourite thinkers, pictures of things and ideas that inspire me. I need to surround myself with these things.

Right now I'm in a bit of a clutter. Writing like this helps. I know I haven't done this for a couple of days, but I don't even feel like I've fallen off the wagon or anything like that- first because I did have a lot going in my life and I didn't have time for this, and second because I kept thinking about how much I wanted to get right back on this bitch. But excuses and explanations are tedious and unnecessary. (I notice I have a habit of using two or three terms instead of one. To me it feels like two terms allows you to capture a broader idea, but really, this shouldn't be an instinctive habit, it should be a conscious choice- I should only do it when I feel that it is absolutely necessary, otherwise I should stick to one term. I think this is a weak point in my writing that I can work on.)

So what have I learnt here, what have I thought about- I'm thinking about how you can dig into the past for some useful insight and direction- whenever you dig yourself out of the trenches, and your mind is clear and whole, you can set buoys in the sea for your future self to look back upon and navigate with. I am thankful to my past self for writing, sometimes, and I think my future self will feel the same way. Sleep. Hydration. Meditation. Exercise. Reflection. Writing. Practice. Humility. Gratitude. Awareness of death. Companionship. Conversation. Time management. Resource management. Clarity. Strength.

Earlier in the evening I felt an impulse to play a game. Like, to download Vice City or something and to play it. I ended up playing a couple of rounds of solitaire, and managed to stop myself afterwards. What is it about games that is so compelling, and how do we engineer our lives to take advantage of the game mechanics? Compelling question.

I've been drinking lots of water, that feels great. I've been collating my 90 weeks experiment posts- I've been deleting the old posts and transcribing everything into Microsoft Word, summarizing, cannibalizing, keeping what is useful and trashing the rest. I don't have time or space (cognitive) to keep track and romanticize things, I trust that I will come up with better things in the future- even more so now that I'm building (or rebuilding) this ability to generate vast amounts of content. If you can write tonnes, you can afford to throw away tonnes, too, and have faith that there will be gems to be unearthed. There's no doubt in my mind about that.

I participated in a sleep study a couple of days ago- did I talk about this? I spent all night reading Anti-Fragile by Nassim Taleb. I still haven't finished the book, but I made pretty good progress. I really like it. He has some great ideas and beautiful phrases- my personal favourite was "we often confuse catalysts for causes". I was thinking "Catalysts For Causes" would be a great name for a band, or an album...

which brings me to thinking about how I often feel like there's a gap in Singaporean music and literature, there's something that's not being said. Nobody seems to be expressing what it is to think and ruminate about life in a balanced and fun way- you either get extremely oddball philosophical "weirdonizm" or you get simple saccharine pop/rock that has no character. There's no middle ground. I feel the same way about a lot of things. Steve Jobs struck that balance between designer and techie, and he created huge value there- by combining two seemingly unrelated fields and areas of interest to create something magical. Who knew artists would care about hardware, or that tech geeks would care about artfulness? Well, Jobs felt that they ought to, and he distorted reality to make it happen.

I kinda want to do that. I'm still talking about instead of doing it, and sooner or later I'm going to have to jump into the sea and figure out how to swim. For now, I still do have things on my mind.

I want to be taken more seriously as a blogger and I want to reach out to a broader audience at the same time. I don't believe that I need to compromise and go one way or the other, I sincerely believe that there's a missing market waiting to be discovered, created, filled. I want to actively work towards becoming one of the most well-known bloggers in Singapore. I don't want fame for fame's sake, I want to direct people's attention to get them to think about being thoughtful and compassionate. I notice that I get a lot more resposnes and attention when I talk about Singaporean politics and media, so I will make it a habit to write about that at least a few times a week. I also notice that I get some really heartfelt responses from JC students or NSFs- in response to my reflections about my own life- so I think I'm going to write about that, too.

In the ultra long run I'd like to speak at schools about how to survive in an unforgiving system that doesn't care about you, how to find meaning and fulfillment. I'd like to reach out to students who feel squashed and constricted. I'd like to build entire communities- or at least, plant the seeds from which communities should grow- that get people thinking about how to be more kind, more gracious, more loving. I'd like to influence people to queue up for public transport, to put away their trays, to smile at one another and to say hello. These are the things that I want to achieve.

I feel like there’s a gap in the Singaporean market for Singaporean stories. A friend pointed out to me that Singaporean writers who write Singaporean Literature tend to fixate on Singapore a little too much- they obsess with being Post-Colonial, trying a little too hard to focus their lens on Singaporean issues. It can be a little trite, tiresome and frankly, boring. I’m a little ignorant and uninformed on these matters, and I would love to be schooled on this. Please hook me up with any good Singaporean fiction you know of. Xie xie ni.

Anyway, there’s a gap. Where’s our 50 Shades of Grey, where’s our Twilight? (Now I’m thinking of writing Singaporean versions of those stories... LOL. Maybe I should. I already did a Singaporean version of To Be or Not To Be, I’m not interested in making a dent in academia, I’m not interested in having my work analysed for its cultural significance or anything like that. I want to write something that Singaporeans find interesting, amusing, insightful, and, of course, “unputdownable”. (Wow, did you know that unputdownable is now a word? I typed it out and there’s no red squiggly underline underneath it.) What would you write about, if you were challenged to do that?

I remember Adrian Tan’s The Teenage Textbook was pretty unputdownable. It was a simple, somewhat superficial story, but it served its purpose- it was readable, breezy and rather funny, and it did have multiple elements of Singaporean identity in it. It wasn’t particularly heavy, and it won’t make you contemplate your existence or anything like that, but it was a good read. Where are the good Singaporean reads? Where’s the fiction? Perhaps it exists but I’m just not aware of it. It most likely does exist. I am sorry for my ignorance. It would be fatally conceited of me to assume that just because I don’t know about it, it doesn’t exist.

I know there was a writer called Tay something something who wrote Singaporean stories. There’s always True Singaporean Ghost Stories. Bookworm Club. Mr Kiasu. Catherine Lim’s stuff. Angsana productions.

Harry Potter. The Da Vinci Code. Goosebumps. (RL Stein). Anne Rice. Stephen King. Robert Cormier. Pahlaniuk. Gaiman. Google the bestsellers. Lord Of The Rings. Perks of Being A Wallflower. Life of Pi. Murakami. Hunger Games. Avatar Spirit Bender. How I Met Your Mother. Friends. Seinfeld. Frasier. Boston Public. Whose Line Is It Anyway. Mr Bean. LIMITLESS. Inception. Avengers. Iron Man. Growing Up. Under One Roof. VR Man. Phua Chu Kang. Jodi Picault, Nicholas Sparks. (Eat. Pray. Love.) Love and other drugs. The Dark Knight.

Account of everything- music you listen to, people you come across, little experiences. guy looking at starbucks. little epiphanies about several issues. train of thought behind how you are inclined towards a certain perspective. similarities, motivations, why didn’t you explore other things. beating yourself up about smoking. what is special isn’t so special. fictional character.
coffeeshop table. perspective of the table and chair. feeling the history of the place. VS. wear the uniform. you’re a part of something greater than yourself.

okay interrogate everybody about this.
Not today, today I am well rested and clear-headed. It feels amazing. It makes me realize that I've been living a certain way ever since late secondary school. After my O Levels, I started sleeping really, really late. 3am and 4am nights became absolutely commonplace. I'd go to school sleep-deprived every morning, sleeping on the bus on the way to school, sleeping in lectures. It was just a way of being for me, and on hindsight I suspect that this might have been one of the most detrimental things that I did for my own academic performance. Being in a constant state of sleep deprivation is like diminishing your own consciousness- and I kinda have evidence to back that claim up, which is my own 90-week-project data. When I slept well, I performed better in whatever I set out to do. Bad sleep, and it's like everything is a blur.

Makes me wonder- how many people who claim to be "not morning people" have really, truly experimented with morning living? I swear, I've always thought of myself as a night owl- but now I'm starting to revise that idea. It's possible that I was just entrenched in a way of living that was trying to rationalize itself.

It's also interesting to look at this vis-a-vis more general ideas about habits and routines- I like to pay lip service to things like freedom and open-mindedness. How open-minded and free are you if you stick to one way of living without ever experimenting with another? (I suppose you could say "as long as you don't judge anybody else for their lifestyles, it's fine", true, but I'm interested in personal freedom and liberty, and it's clear that it's not just a matter of rebelling against whatever is perceived to be orthodox, normal or good- it's about finding the balance for you. It's not anti-feminist to choose to be a stay-at-home mum, it's anti-feminist to denigrate a woman for making that choice.)

I've been reading Taleb's Anti-Fragile and it's been just making so much sense to me. It's one of those books that's slightly beyond my ability to fully digest and understand- and it's not the language that's difficult, it's the ideas. And it's not that the ideas are difficult per se, they're just more poignant, more powerful somehow. It feels like a powerful tome that needs to be read and re-read multiple times to glean value from it. In contrast, I've also been reading Chris Guillebeau's $100 Startup, and that seems almost trivial and simplistic in comparison. I don't want to fall into the trap of claiming that Taleb is some sort of messiah, I'm sure he would disapprove of that himself. But the ideas he presents are great. I especially love his loathing of sterile academics (what he calls the Soviet-Harvard Complex), describing how, for instance, it never occurred to thousands of academic geniuses to put wheels under their baggage. I can't convey this properly at such short notice, I'm going to have to read and re-read the book to distill more value, but I'm glad I got the book, and I recommend it to anybody who wants a good mind-stretching challenge (and not in the "Old English is so hard to read" kind of way)

What else. I seem to be losing my train of thought. Let's run through everything again. So I woke up this morning with lots of mental clarity. I did my pushups, I'm drinking my water, and in a few minutes I'm going to head out to have breakfast with a friend. I got a little bit of reading done, and maybe I'll continue reading once I'm done with breakfast. After that, I'm going to systematically go through my commitments and perhaps get even more writing done. It feels fantastic. I really need to experiment harder with this.

Ah, yes, this is the point I wanted to make. Yesterday at 12:30am or so I decided that I was done, and that I was going to bed. This choice ended up being worth all the rationalizing in the world. I could've spent the next 4-5 hours stoning, "thinking", looking for something that I'd most probably never find in my diminished mental state... but it is far better to make choices. Wealth is options, and we should always exercise choices that increase our options. Going to bed early yesterday gave me more options to work with today, so today I am a wealthier man because of the choice I made yesterday. This isn't actually a particularly difficult or complex idea- in fact, you could say that it's almost "intellectually insulting" in its simplicity. But that's the magic of it.
When I look back on my own life, I can certainly identify moments where I have flashes of inspiration, of passion, impulses and urges to do things. These moments are fleeting at best- they are like sparks that shine brightly for a few moments, and then fizzle and go out. Ideally, we want these moments to endure- sure, we're never going to be deliriously passionate 24/7, but that doesn't mean we should live in the darkness of ennui and melancholy the rest of the time. What we need is to allow the sparks develop into a proper flame. We need to provide kindling for the sparks to land on, so that ignition takes place, and a fire burns. We need to make sure that there's adequate fuel, so that it doesn't burn out.

I got to know a guy who describes himself as a social activist, and the term he uses is "firestarter". I'm guessing that I got most of this idea from my brief interactions with him. I took it a step further and suggested that we use the term "arson", because it's a bit more fun, exciting, evil, insidious. We are social arsonists. We set ourselves on fire, and each other. I can visualise the slides and powerpoint presentations- a little cheeky looking fella, set ablaze, running around setting other things on fire. The fire becomes its own reward. It's like a game. There's something about that whole interface that seems very intuitive to me, and I have to try and keep that alive because it will be useful one day.

So- motivational stuff. I think to most normal intelligent people, motivational posters and the like seem to be very "hocus-pocus", snake oil. The self-help industry seems to be a somewhat poisonous one- after all, nobody seems to get magically productive after reading those books, otherwise the industry would kill itself- everybody would learn to help themselves and there would be no market left for these self-help gurus.

But I think we threw the baby out with the bathwater in that one. Yes, there are a lot of hacks who are just out to exploit other people, and there's a lot of jiggery-pokery hoot-nanny (... what?) going on. But that doesn't mean that we can't or shouldn't harness the power of emotion to get ourselves going. Therein lies the logical error that logical people often make- just because some emotional people turn out to be really wonky, quirky, random, unpredictable, crazy, etc- doesn't mean that effective people distance themselves from emotion. I think if we study success- and this is so important, we should be studying successful people in schools, just as we try to teach people to be healthy and fit- we find that all great successful people are swimming in a sea of emotion, even if they use logical systems to get what they want. Neil Degrasse Tyson strikes me as a profoundly emotional person, a person deeply in touch with his emotions.

Off to think about what other jugs of water I can come up with. Here's a video of Neil Tyson sharing his passion.

I think back to Wayne Thunder, the drummer of The Suns and all-around cool, fun guy who passed away mysteriously a few years ago, at a troublingly young age. I remember the cries of his father at the funeral- no parent should ever have to bury his or her child- but above all I remember how everybody sort of came together after the incident, and there was a sense of unity, a sense of oneness... where did that go? It naturally diffuses away. Mourning is like a sort of spiritual chiropractice, but it's no replacement for good posture.

Well that's a thought, isn't it? I'm way behind time on this particular word vomit-about 2.5 minutes left and 300 words to go. This might be the first time I actually fail to meet my time limit, but I guess that's okay- the word count and time limit are both there merely to function as guidelines, so I don't have to think too much and I can just focus on writing. I wonder if I can actually catch up in time. So exciting, it's like a game. A simplistic, superficial game. Let's do it! And now I'm thinking about how I just got myself away from thinking about something relatively "important" like spiritual chiropractice and good spiritual posture (I'm guessing Stoicism) and obsessing about something completely non-consequential, like typing fast enough for a bar to keep moving. I'm not going to make it, 200 words in 50 seconds... I should just give up. Heh. I shall.

Okay, back to spiritual posture... I think that we should prepare for the worst every single day. Seneca was big on this, I believe- he talked about preparing for death, thinking about how to commit suicide in a calm and stoic manner- which he was eventually forced to do. He was a rich guy but he kept practicing the loss of everything. Imagine that you have nothing. You got paralysed. You lose everybody you love in the most gruesome of ways. I make an effort to imagine these things.

Sometimes I almost morbidly wish that I would go through some disturbing twist of fate just so I can see for myself if all this preparation and philosophizing has any value whatsoever. But you can't express that, because that's petty, and downright insulting to anybody going through any real pain. It's like hoping for a car accident so you can practice your EMT skills, or hoping to get into a street fight so that you can use your martial arts skills... the gurus always say, you train to fight so that you don't have to fight.

But we're all going to die. Me, you, our parents, our friends, everything that we know or care about. Know that I love you. I am here. Even if I'm gone, hopefully I would have left behind some words that might be of comfort or value to you. Vale.

Thing on my mind right now, oddly, is travelling. I'm walking around my house thinking about how familiar everything is. I went to the toilet to take a piss- and my living room and kitchen are in absolute, utter darkness because the prayer altar is off (God doesn't visit your house when there's a death in the family, or something like that- mother's uncle passed away) and it's interesting how I'm able to navigate it anyway, because it's so familiar to me. I know my house inside out. No surprise there, I guess. I went to Al Salam in Tampines for the first time in a long time, and it's amazing how familiar it all is. Everything. I mean, we can look at this at so many different scales. Singapore itself is so beautifully familiar when you come back after you travel.

I went on cruises as a kid, and I went to India with my parents a couple of times to visit my grandparents, but none of those experiences mattered very much. The travel experiences I explicitly remember are the times I've travelled either with friends, or with the missus. I think there's something about travelling when you need to be responsible for yourself that puts you on extra "high alert"- and I imagine you don't quite experience that as a tourist on package deals, because you're kind of insulated from the world- the world presents itself in front of you, but it's safe- you don't need to directly immerse yourself into the local culture. My idea of travelling is going to coffeeshops and having conversations with locals.

I'm not like an obsessive die-die-want-to-travel sort, but there are a few things I'd really like to do. Interestingly, the things on my mind are- I want to go to New York to experience the sort of intensity that exists there. Maybe I'd like to visit Silicon Valley, but I have no real reason to, and I'm not particularly a techie anymore, so I'm not sure why- maybe because I'd like to visit the people on Quora. Yeah, I'd like to go on a roadtrip visiting Quorans. I'd also really like to take a long drive down the seaside highway in Australia. These are the things that kinda top my travel list. I'd also just like to travel and backpack around for the joy of it- Cambodia, Thailand- they're all pretty nearby. I'm thinking, I want to do this because I want to see what happens to me, I want to know who I am when I'm outside of my comfort zone. I know, ultimately there's only one journey, and it's within yourself- one of the most amazing experiences I had this year was doing standup comedy. It was something always on my mind, somewhat, and I finally did it, and it was amazing. I felt so alive. I want to feel that alive as much as possible, all the time. I want to be happy and engaged and alive. I don't think this will be a magic solution to my problems or anything, and I too am a little bit suspicious of living-by-a-bucket-list, but I think there's a middle ground to be achieved.

Put more simply, I really don't like the idea of living in today's globalized world, but only having been born and raised in Singapore, and maybe travelling like a tourist to other countries. I'm not interested in going to Paris to see the Eiffel Tower to take pictures and post them onto Facebook. I'm more interested in say, learning Muay Thai in Thailand, and playing in a band in the UK or something. That sort of shit. I want to immerse myself in humanity and see more of it- I can't shake the feeling that my experience is awfully limited. I would like to try some mind-altering experiences, as long as it's safe and controlled. I just do,

I think it's a shame to NOT experience as much of the spectrum of experience that life has to offer you.

This is my 11th word vomit, I think, and it's interesting to see how my mind is working now. I won't pretend to know what's going on, and I'm not going to theorize too much about it- but it does feel like the initial "dirty water" has been hosed out and what's coming out now is a little more "clean" or "pure". Or maybe I'm just making that up to fit the narrative I've crafted for myself. Either way. It's still interesting.

What else. I've been meaning to do monthly summaries, and I was kind of thinking of doing one for December 2012 in the form of a Word Vomit- or maybe I'll do all of them this way. The plan isn't to make a big deal out of it or anything- it's just to have some reference material when looking back at my life- I want to be able to do battle against the narrative bias in my head. If you keep a monthly account of your life (without spending too much time on it, of course, because living your life should be a greater priority than chronicling it), I believe that you will capture elements that you will otherwise miss if you simply use hindsight recollection.

At several points in my past- once I wanted to go to Oxford, at some point I wanted to go to SAJC, at some point I wanted to go to Poly, NTU Mass Comm, then NUS FASS, then SMU Social Science, then I started going sour-grapes on the whole thing. At some point I wanted to ditch everything and tour with a rock and roll band, however that was to be accomplished... the point I'm making is, we tidy up our narratives on hindsight, but that doesn't give us the whole picture... I want more of the picture. I want more of the experience. At the same time, I want to NOT fall into the trap of obsessing with more-more-more to the point where having things or acquiring experiences like notches on a bedpost becomes a priority over the actual joy of experience, of life.

I think there is a balance to be had between a sort of goal-setting and a goal of no goals, a kind of worldliness and a kind of ascetic zen, a kind of discipline and a kind of freedom. It will take time to emerge but I am developing the idea very organically, very naturally.

I want to write novels. I believe that I am capable. There are many books written by writers less capable than myself. (I'm not any better than them, though, because a mediocre book is still 'better' than an unwritten one.)

How are novels written? Most simply, one word at a time. I started this word vomit project with the intention of writing a million words so that I'd feel more at ease when I eventually start writing novels. I have made progress towards that goal, and I'm proud of that. But I've already started to become itchy– I don't want to wait till the whole project before I begin writing novels. I wish I started yesterday. But since that's not an option, I have to start today.

Constraints are helpful. There's a novel-writing competition of sorts for Singaporean fiction. The word limit is 40,000 words. I could hypothetically write and submit a crappy 40,000 word novel within a week. (My record for most number of word vomits in a single day is 13,000, and that's easily breakable with some focus and planning. I bet I could do over 20,000 on a well-executed, well-planned day.)

So. I'm going to go for it. I'm going to write a 40,000 word novel that's based in Singapore, or somehow about Singapore, with Singaporean characters. I'm just going to get it out of my system, and use the deadline contraint to force myself to finish it and ship it. The point isn't to write the most amazing novel ever, the point is to get used to the idea of writing novels, and to get into the practice and habit of writing novels. I'm very certain that this is what I want to do with my limited time alive, so I might as well get started now.

There's a bunch of conventional advice when it comes to writing a novel. The first thing that comes to mind is the "cauliflower" approach– or fractal approach – to start with a one-liner, then expand it into a paragraph, then expand that paragraph into chapters. This SOUNDS like it could work, but I think there's a trap there: For it to work properly, you need to start with something that's great, and then expand from that. If you start from something crappy and uninteresting then you're not going to get anywhere good. You'd have written a truly mediocre novel. Which... is better than nothing, but I think I can take some time to figure out a better way of doing this.

So what's interesting? What needs to be talked about? Where does my curiosity take me? What's a novel that I truly wish I had encountered, that I haven't seen anybody written?

Well my first thought is – I wish I read something that was popular and accessible and discussed widely. There are two sets of things that come to mind here– things that are universally popular, and things that were at some point popular in Singapore. Internationally, I think of Harry Potter, the Da Vinci Code, Twilight, 50 Shades of Grey.

Urgh, whatever.

What does it mean that LKY is dead? Why aren't our artists inspiring (to me) yet?

How trippy it is to perceive time in the digital age.

The rituals of our ancestors. Forgotten gods.

Nostalgia. I miss 2012. We were so young, so idealistic, so fresh.

How to be a blogger. How to be an activist. What is the relationship of the people to the government, the country to the rest of the world.

How much heartbreak happens in a given night in a HDB flat.

How soul-crushing the daily commute is. And yet how connected people are, talking to friends and loved ones. Why do we do this?

How shopping malls are like temples.

Why people have become hipsters.

The difference between /r/singapore and edmw.

taste: the most precious thing you have is your taste but the world undervalues it when it's underdeveloped people only respect your taste once you've developed it but developing taste takes time, trial and error during which you look silly also parents and teachers etc are too busy/tired to pander to our nascent tastes the enlightened ones realize that it's worth trying to encourage but regardless, we all kena stifled one way or another. it's not singapore in particular, it's life

Singaporean symbols, their histories, just paint a bunch of words about them, whatever comes to mind.

Do I really need to talk about maids? Not particularly what interests me. Maybe a throwaway bit here or there.

Something about Singaporean YouTube channels, something about the arts scene, something about what local music meant to me. Something about the beaches, the water, the esplanade waterfront. Something about long bus rides.

How I feel about neighbourhood cats. How did they even come to Singapore, anyway? Which was the first cat in Singapore? We apparently used to have tigers, and the last one was supposedly shot.

Chicken rice.

The pleasure of having a friend over in your home, which is safe and warm and inviting, and they can be themselves, they can unwind.

Shitty graffiti on the walls. Graffiti in designated areas. Can art really be art when it's done in a designated area? We're so hilarious. No running in the playground.

Students studying at the airport. What are they really doing? Is it really the most effective way of studying? What is with this obsession with effectiveness? I guess they're really just socializing.

Drunk kids preening around at Sentosa. What is it all for. Ambulances. Blood. Vomit. Boobs hanging out. Nervous, scared. "She was the first girl I ever cried for."

How much Singlish does there need to be in a Singaporean novel? You shouldn't have to force it, it should come naturally with the voice of the author, and/or the characters that he's speaking through.

What about the role of container shipping in Singapore's history? And what does it say about who we are? What we've become? Standardized, interchangable.

What happened to our cybercafes and arcades? Do people still hang out in pool halls? What are the local music venues these days?

Older guy who hangs out with younger people all the time because it's so much easier to manipulate them, because they validate him so much more than his boring old peers do.

Where is the sincere genuine writing anymore? Was there ever any? Everybody seems to have an agenda, everybody is performing. And yeah, everything's a performance, all the world's a stage, etc etc. But there doesn't seem to be very much sincere, authentic, honest stuff. People aren't baring their souls. Or maybe they are, but it's boring.

Arrival and Departure at Changi Airport. My strongest Changi Airport memory actually has very little to do with any of my own family members. It was when I was sending a friend off to study in Sydney. Her father, her boyfriend. Hugs all around. The look on her father's face. That's what I remember most.

When I was in secondary school – I don't remember many specifics, oddly – I think my mind might be repressing them a little bit because I behave differently then, and cognitive dissonance is a thing– I generally remember hanging out with other guys whenever I could. We were just kind of herd-like, or pack-like more like. I would also... sometimes brood. I brooded a lot. I would go and sit at a table and brood, and wish that people were observing me brooding and think how cool I was, hanging out like that, wearing a t-shirt inside my uniform that expressed myself, wearing cool earphones and listening to Radiohead which was my legitimate favorite band. I really wanted to win over the approval of the cool senior musician guys. I wonder what they're up to these days.

How the configurations of our social groups change over time. 10 years ago, I cared very much about some group of people. Many of them are gone from my life now. I'm always curious about how they're doing. I wonder if they ever think about me.

Old uncles have got it all figured out in life. Watch them. See how they sit at the coffeeshop. See how they drag their chairs out away and make the


World

Calliope was born to a boring family in a boring city on a boring planet. This is a world that is most ways similar to Earth, but is presumably different in some ways that we don't know yet. For one thing, the continents are different, and the nations and religions are different. I'm not quite sure if it's a modern-technology world or if it's a fantasy world. But either way – if it's fantasy, the elements of magic are effectively a 'metaphor' for technology. The point is, the reader lives in a world with all sorts of cool technology, and I want to explore that. [1]

Calliope

Let's figure out what makes her interesting.

What is it that makes a young woman interesting? The same thing that makes all things interesting: conflict.

What is Calliope's conflict?

She has desire in a world that doesn't quite accept it. For a life of her own choosing. But she can't have it.

Why not? Well obviously she lives in a man's world, with men's expectations and men's desires. And what are those?

Most simply- they want to fuck her. To possess her. To control her. To use her.

Calliope has an idiot father. An idiot brother. She went to idiot school and is expected to work for Idiots Inc. Yawn. A boring life.

To have an interesting life Calliope needs power. Primarily over herself and her immediate surroundings. This is a tremendous challenge.

What about Calliope's personal curiosities and impulses? How would she live if she had absolute freedom?

The "Ordinary Day"

What is the thing that Calliope really wants, before the world smashed into her?

Things we know

She's experienced sexism, as all women invariably do.

She hasn't experienced outright sexual assault – that would be a bit of a cliché for me to work with, and it's not something I'm super good at. Rather, she has witnessed assault. She has had friends and peers that she enjoyed who suffered tremendously.

–

[1] I specifically want to avoid a Star Wars type situation, where it's obviously a Hero's Journey, and it can't be called 'true sci-fi' because the science doesn't actually make much of a difference.  Perhaps I should list out my intended influences?
The second thought is... that's not very fair.

// Next – well, what would be fair? What is an appropriate amount of pride to have in oneself?

Well, I feel like I could be doing more.

// You're turning 27 years old in a few months. You can't continue to navigate your life based on vague feelings. You know very well by now that your feelings are not particularly reliable, especially when it comes to your ugh fields like work, schedules, obligations and so on.

There were some things that I wanted to do this weekend but I didn't do.

// Like what?

I wanted to do more 'housekeeping'. I wanted to 'go through my stuff'.

// Were you planning on being more specific than that?

Yeah. I wanted to... figure out my insurance stuff.

// What's the first step for that?

I'd have to get out all my paperwork, and they're all put away in all these files, and if I get started it's going to be this huge, sprawling mess. So I guess I'm not ready for that. I also simultaneously wanted to get a ton of work done...

// Did you?

No. I got a teensy amount of work done.

// Are you satisfied with that?

No.

// What are you going to do about it?

I need to... continue to break things down more before I start doing them. I don't know why I continue to be so slow at this. I should have specific planning phases where I plan things in detail, at least several hours at a time, rather than just get started and 'see how it goes'.

// What's the smallest bit of progress you could make on this?

I could... specifically plan out what I'm going to do after I wake up tomorrow, in 20 minute blocks, and then follow those things.

// Can you do that now?

Yeah, brb.

The main problem might be that Facebook is really easy to get into and start scrolling, while "doing interesting things" often requires defining the work before you do it – which is itself also quite interesting, but not so obviously so.


What's interesting is how the internet numbs you. You spend some time on it and it numbs you, you stop thinking in a certain way. You take in information, yes, but there's a certain process loop that takes priority- and what happens is that you forget about what you want to do, you forget about what you want to create. It's quite scary, actually.

Sometimes I watch my girlfriend or my mother use the computer and I get a little disturbed by how intent they are on what they're doing. Same for watching little children with iPads or iPhones. But then I realize: I'm no different. In fact, if I could watch myself, I'd be shocked, because I'm much worse than any of these other people. I have a debilitating internet addiction and I often don't even acknowledge it. When I do acknowledge it, I don't do much about it.

So how do you deal with something like that? Cold turkey is one way, I suppose, but that seems a bit excessive. Throwing the baby out with the bathwater again. There is much good to be had online as long as you remain in control, and you're the one who decides what you do, how much time you spend, what you pursue, so on and so forth.

I have all these nagging little commitments that I haven't done enough about because they seem to have such high "activation energies"- but really, all you need to do is to get started. I'm such an irresponsible person.

I was reading Taleb's Antifragile (someone emailed me and subtly pointed out that I talk a lot about Taleb, and it's kind of annoying. I acknowledge this. I need to start reading other things) and he made a dichotomy that made me think, even though I'm not entirely comfortable with it- he describes how there are talkers and doers, and people who are really good at talking tend to be really bad at doing, and vice versa. At face level, I find that distinction a little insulting- of course there are people who are good at both, and learning how to communicate your effectiveness makes you more effective, surely?

I think about how the best way to learn something is to teach it to others. At the same time, there are all these stories of these incredible geniuses who simply couldn't communicate with anybody else because their internal language was so unique, unorthodox, sometimes even flawed- these negative things would (while being destructive, inconsistent, etc) create things of positive value. Sometimes your mental illness or colour-blindness or some other sort of disorder might be terrible for you, but great for your art. But that doesn't necessarily mean you should seek out suffering just to better your art. You should just seek to better your art.

But it made me grapple with an uncomfortable question, which is- if thinking (and/or talking) and doing are largely separate, isn't it clear that I'm largely better at former, and pretty damn bad at the latter? I mean hey, I suck at getting out of bed, I do. I wish I didn't. What is this a problem of? Willpower? Design? A raw "fuck it just do it" sort of thing?

I've gotten good at taking cold showers every morning, doing my pushups and squats. I guess I just need to take the next step and do something else productive immediately afterwards. Read, meditate, write. It's the going online without a directed purpose that fucks me up. Nobody should go on the internet just to pass time without knowing what they're doing. Nobody should just randomly pop on Facebook, Twitter, Reddit, Quora etc "just because", until they've accomplished whatever they set out to accomplish each day, because those are massive time-sinks that will just swallow you up whole, unless you have a sort of discipline and willpower that I certainly don't have. Could they be cultivated? I certainly intend to find out.

I was hoping for 2012 to be particularly special and insightful and I do think I've learnt quite a lot, and I've experienced quite a bit, and I've become a better person for myself and for the people around me, but there's still so much to learn, still so much to do- and it's not like I have a lot of things to learn- there ARE a lot of things out there to learn, but if I could, I'd just focus my learning on a few points. I need to learn how to focus, I need to learn how to say no, I need to learn how to recover from falling off wagons, and I need to design checks and balances into my routines... I keep thinking "I can't wait for next year where everything's going to be awesome", but that's not a healthy way of thinking- I should focus on the here and the now, and I should go and shower and then maybe have a smoke and then I should do more writing and finish up my resume and tidy up my blog and declutter my room and it's really funny how a large number of activities can become chronically paralyzing.

It's funny how I started out without any idea of what I was going to write about but I'm finishing this word vomit with 2.5 entire minutes to go. It's funny to think about how, if this is the 12th word vomit, then I have spent 12 x 15 minutes, or 3 hours engaged in INTENSE WRITING- every second spent writing, no time to stop, no time to alternate-tab and surf the internet, writing writing writing WRITING. I'm guessing that's the sort of hours that you have to put into the 10,000. So while we're at 12/1000 for word vomits, we're realistically at 3/10,000 for hourly expertise. That discounts all the hours I've spent before I started this... but you know what, I don't actually feel daunted by it, I'm not intimidated, scared or helpless- when I look at these numbers, I go fuck yeah, bring it on.

Now this is how you start your day, motherfucker, not by surfing reddit or cracked. Showertime.

EDIT: I just popped by my Google Reader and I found an article by zenhabits' Leo Babuta: The Do Plan, or Why We Know But Don't Do. That was almost creepy in its relevance.

Just woke up. I swear, I woke up at 8am, or 8:15 or so- I remember looking at the time on my phone and being rather impressed with myself. And then somehow I went back to sleep. I fell asleep onto my open phone, and it is a testament to the durability of old phones that it didn't break. (It's an old samsung flip phone). Now it's 11:22am. I'm bothered that I "wasted" 3 hours, but I'm rather well rested, and I did ultimately fall asleep at about 3am. If I had slept at midnight, perhaps I would have woken at about 5am, fell back asleep and woken up at 8am. Can't be sure! Need to test these things carefully. Waking up early is so much better than going to bed late, yet for some reason the latter habit seems easier to cultivate.

Once again I've sat down and gotten started without planning what to write. My mind draws a blank. Last night I was doing some decluttering, throwing out large stashes of paper. I've also been working on "distilling" my notebooks- I've written hundreds of little notes to myself across about 10-20 notebooks over the past couple of years, and I've been meaning to kind of consolidate everything that I find relevant or important so I can get rid of them. A friend of mine would say- that's just living in the past, you're wasting your time and you're being self-indulgent- and I can't disagree, he's absolutely right. At the same time, I feel like it's something I really need to do. I grew up with little appetite or habit for self-reflection, I'd just coast along and do whatever is convenient at each step of the way. I'm terrible at taking people's advice, and I used to think quite highly of myself... so I think the thoughts and reflections I have had would be useful to me, because I should certainly take my own advice, no? That's what it's all about.

I have to avoid the trap of living in the past, of course. The pareto principle comes into play- 80% of the value will come from 20% of the time. So there's no need to obsess about it. Just get it over and done with quickly, then discard it and live well.

-stretch- I was thinking about this- when I was a kid, I had a website. It was quite pretty and elegant. I can still remember what it was like. I developed a lot of my design aesthetic from putting up websites- I wanted them to be easy to navigate, simple, not too cumbersome. I kept things black, used white text, but I avoided the overly stark/dramatic thing with a subtle white-stars background. It was very tasteful, I swear! It's interesting for me to think about what I used to write about. After all, I was a child, I didn't have any insights worth sharing, I didn't really have an opinion on anything. The main content I had were jokes and games. That's the interesting part. Somehow, at that time, my only intention was to have a cool website that people would go to- and so it may seem that I wanted to create a pleasant and useful web experience for people, and so I shared things that might have been interesting or useful- jokes, games. I had a guestbook, a counter, little things like that. I think I had an "About Me" page where I wrote about my life. I had a poem on the front page. I find it deeply tragic, on hindsight, that I didn't save copies of that site, and that I lost my diary-x blog afterwards.

Diary-X was an interesting time, because I remember there was a period of time where I would blog every single day. EVERY single day, and it was always maybe 400-800 words or so. I would just talk about life, I think. I remember blogging about playing GTA3, and about how annoying it was when other people "copied" the way I wrote my MSN name (that was one of my earlier experiences with pissing off my friends by being a self-important prick). I remember that I copied the design from another person's diary-x, and she wrote to me to scold me for it, and I apologized and we became friends and I ended up getting to know a lot of her friends, too. Somehow those things felt a little more special before social media really kicked off- those were the days when friendster seemed like a new and exciting thing.

It's interesting to think about how, when Facebook was suggested, it seemed like a silly idea to investors, but now it's become such a dominant, powerful force that it's going to rewrite history, and when we look back at it in the future, it's going to seem almost logically inevitable. Have I written about this already? Brr.

Thinking back about my original website- I wonder why I haven't gotten around to embracing that games-and-jokes philosophy again. Somehow back then I wrote with a very clear sense that my website was meant to make other people happy, to give other people a pleasant and memorable experience of some sort, and I kind of lost that along the way as I developed an ego and sense of self. It's really interesting to try and put myself into that mind again- I remember I would show off my site to anybody who'd look at it, so it's not like I was some sort of altruistic service provider or anything. Still, the point of all this is- I'd like to return to that sort of service-providing mindset. How can I make my website useful, interesting and valuable to you? Because if it's not useful to you, it's a bit too much of a circlejerk (or a self-jerk, really) for me to find it particularly fulfilling.

Well, here's another data point of proof that you CAN write a thousand words with absolutely no idea of what to write about, as long as you get started. I'm going to post this, check Facebook, shower and get around to transcribing more stuff, and maybe do my 90 weeks thingum. Oh yeah and I have an article for Poached to finish up.
That said, the guy is pretty damn stupid. He posted some very personal information on the forums themselves- I won't go into the specific details while writing this, but let's just say he posted some really stupid stuff that he shouldn't post lah. Surely, if I hadn't posted his (freely available) information in the thread, someone else would have done it.

But as I read his blog, I thought to myself- this guy is a human being, not a bundle of data. He's a real guy with a real life going through real struggles and difficulties, dealing with NS, spending too much money. He likes Mass Effect too. I would've liked to be his friend. He's smart but stupid, you know? I like thoughtful and articulate people in general. I would've liked to be his friend.

A part of me thinks- this isn't heroism, Visa, this is villainy. You didn't have to do this. You were seeking cheap approval from the mob, that just wants to see people being torn down. Your curiosity for information and gossip was satiated when you saw the pictures of the couple, why did you have to share it?

I realize, from contemplating the issue afterwards, that there was a superior alternative to the path I took. What I should have done is- I should have PMed him personally to warn him. I should have told him about my findings, and how easily I found them, and how he ought to protect himself and his loved ones by being a little more careful with his data, by not throwing around his username and his real name so easily. (Well- I personally use my real name everywhere on the internet, and everything is traceable back to me, but I don't write about anything that might potentially get me or my loved ones in trouble. I think. Haha.)

So there's two things to talk about here. The first is- how should I carry myself on the internet? The second is, what should I do with other people's data on the internet?

This isn't the first time this happened. There was a girl from VJC (now NTU)- a pretty, articulate girl who made a YouTube video to communicate her linguistic abilities, as a potential tutor. She had the quintessential "good girl" vibe about her- prim, proper, etc. I watched the video (which is in the public domain). I can't remember how I found it- I think someone else was sharing it on Facebook, but the focus was just on "wah, this tutor pretty ah" or something like that. I noticed she made a quip about "emphasizing the oral skill", and I went to town with that, making innuendos all over the place. Somehow it just sort of caught fire from there- I got tonnes of Likes and Shares, and views on her video were skyrocketing.

I then received a PM from a friend of hers about what an asshole I was for doing what I did. I agreed with her assessment, apologized, wrote an apology to the girl herself, took down the link to the video (she took down the video altogether).

As I think about it months later- what should I have done? The two of us have a lot of mutual friends, though we've never met and we don't know each other directly. It's an inherently political situation- and political situations have to be dealt with. If I may, I do think both the girl and her friend were full of shit- I didn't TECHNICALLY do anything wrong, and she was pleading a sort of ignorance that was inconsistent with the sort of media-savvy life she lives in (pretty girl in classy, sexy dresses pretending she doesn't know anything about sexual innuendos- really?), and her friend was attacking me with such vigor and fervour that I was tempted to retaliate- but I will acknowledge this- whether or not I had any right to do or say whatever I did, responding like a little bitch to claims of hurt and injustice would make me the asshole they insinuated I was. So I swallowed my pride and did the right thing- I gave the sincerest apology I could muster. And I am genuinely sorry if she felt any pain or suffering or received any harassment because of my actions- causing hurt is the last thing I would ever want to do.

Both with this girl and the previous guy, in both cases, their information is publicly available, it's just that nobody prior to me seemed to have bothered to really pounce on it and extract the maximum lulz value out of it. I honestly thought, in both cases, that it would be lots of good-hearted fun. Naturally, in both cases, it could potentially lead to some horrible harassment and objectification. My "defense is"- I personally try my best to avoid harassing or objectifying people, but I don't really owe you anything. You put your stuff in the public domain, I have every right to do whatever I like with it, no? As long as I don't defame you, tell lies about you, etc.

BASICALLY- I respect you as a human being but at the same time if you're posting stuff that I find silly, stupid or questionable, I feel like I ought to have the right to call you out for it, at your expense. I'm personally consistent about this- I have had people call me out on my bullshit, and I've been insulted and attacked for my mistakes. I don't want to turn into an abusive person who abuses because he/she was abused. I don't want to be abusive, period. But I don't want to have to be saccharine-sweet-nice, either. I want to be real. I guess it's a matter of degree, and tact. I ought to take people down to the mat in a friendly, respectful and supportive way, and help them up after- instead of giving them a brutal takedown and then teabagging them afterwards so that "they learn".

I do understand and acknowledge that the honourable high road to take is to speak to you privately about it, and I do realize that a lot of the people I respect and admire publicly frown upon such "calling out", and so I think I have had my behaviour adjusted through socialization, whether I like it or not.

So my question to myself is- while I'm aware of a "more honourable path" or a "more noble path", should I take it simply because it's more noble, simply because it's the right thing to do, because I want to be perceived as lofty and ideal rather than base and corrupt? But what if base and corrupt IS to some degree what I am? Going through the trouble to be some sort of noble white knight- that seems to be somehow pretentious, false, overly political.

I haven't made up my mind about all of this. I want to be honest and true, without pretending to be someone I'm not. At the same time, I do want to take a noble and honourable path- but I want to take it because I believe I should, not because of social or political pressure to do so.

Honestly, I can never pretend to be apathetic. I care too much about everything. The most I can do is to choose to focus on the things that I consider most important of all, and then the rest will have to be displaced out of necessity.

OH YEAH- privacy is a fucking illusion and we should stop pretending we have any of it whatsoever. People WILL know everything about us, if they don't already. This is the reality of the situation. Lots of people don't seem to acknowledge this, and the people who do acknowledge this have to make concessions for the people who don't.

The political game remains what it always has been. We'll just have to learn to play it better. I will do it, but I sincerely refuse to compromise my personal integrity.
Word Vomit: 1000 words in 15 minutes unedited

I was up at 640am due to natural causes. I had a rather strange dream involving the tacit witnessing of some unorthodox sex practices, but regardless I went to bed before 2am, and I woke up at 640am. I had several hours of sleep the day before, too- from 2pm to about 6pm, maybe, so I think I did get a full 8 hours of sleep last night. I do feel rather well rested. This hasn't happened in months and it feels amazing. (I spent the last 30 minutes on the internet, though, and if I hadn't cut myself off before that, things could have gotten ugly.)

I have with me an ice cold glass of water, as is my morning routine. My eyes are crusty and my lips are charred. My lips are charred because I was smoking before I went to sleep- I had maybe 3 or 4 cigarettes yesterday, which is fewer than I normally do when I meet my friends.

It occurs to me that, if I had started smoking in 2007, that I have been smoking for half a decade now. Wow, that's a really long time. That's 60 months of smoking. At 5 packs a month, that's 300 packs of cigarettes, or 6,000 cigarettes. That almost seems too little. I suspect I might have smoked more than that. Maybe I can somewhat take comfort in the fact that it's unlikely that I've hit 10,000 cigarettes yet. Maybe I don't want to hit that number.

You know, there's no way you can do something consistently for 5 years and not have it change you somehow, both superficially and at a deep level. It becomes a part of you, both good and bad. It changes you, in ways both good and bad (though I suppose health-wise you could say more bad than good, for sure.) I'd like to steer away from romanticizing smoking, but I'd also like to avoid an overly harsh "I am a slave to cigarettes" perspective either. I find both perspectives to be overly simplistic, brutish and ultimately unconvincing. I'd like to be honest and real.

How much right does a person have to talk about something if they've only been at it for 5 years? I'm more of a smoker than someone who just picked it up, but that old uncle at the coffeeshop who's been smoking for 60 years, he knows some things that I definitely don't. I wonder what those things are. I almost wonder if I'd like to find out.

The answer will always be changing, there is never a definitive moment, as far as I can tell. I do know that I don't want to reach a full decade of smoking. I don't think that's something that I want on my life-resume. Half a decade seems about good enough. I have learnt most of what I want to learn from this process, I have met the people I'd like to meet, I have done the time, gotten the insights and perspectives, I can sit and meditate and reflect on all the 6,000 smokes I've had without smoking 6,000 more, I'm sure.

I miss fresh air. Pure fresh air. I've had it here and there, when I go a few days without smoking, but I get the sense that it can get a lot fresher if I let it. I also miss NOT having my lips charred and burnt. Smoking really fucks up your teeth and gums- I'm pretty sure my gums are actually beginning to recede, and my teeth are stained, and... I don't like it. I don't. I am not curious as to what it will look like 6,000 cigarettes from now. I have plenty of people to study for that.

I don't suppose I will ever quit 100%, you know, and I don't suppose you ever really can... maybe I will, I don't know, these things are really silly and stupid and hard to talk about. Why do we pretend like we know anything about our future selves, why do I? (There's an answer to that, I guess- we want to feel prophetic, we want to have power and dominion over our past and future selves in some way, but least often by actually putting in the effort and time to do the meaningful work that needs to be done).

My friend's dad is dying of lung cancer, and the doctors say he has about 6 months left. He's not a smoker. He's a nice, cheerful and healthy old man, as far as I know, and he would chide us for smoking, I am sure. He lived a good life, and life threw him a little fuck you towards the end that he didn't quite deserve- but life is life and trying to make sense of it in human terms, in teleological terms- is a fruitless endeavour.

He's still alive lah so I don't want to be too dramatic but I will carry him with me and I will think of him when I smoke. My dad's over 60 and he's been smoking for like 50 years and today when I was carrying furniture down from a friend's HDB flat I recognized his cough from 4 storeys up. Cigarettes do something to you, they do. They change you. They whittle you. I think we do it because we like that, in a way.

I was hoping to say a lot more, to do a lot more, and maybe it will come to me while I run. But I got to head out now, I have 80 words to go and nothing much else to say except that I think I want to quit smoking, I want to make a change, and I have said this multiple times, always meaning it, and never, not at all, all at the same time. If I know anything I know that it will not be a dramatic shift but it will be a slow and gentle decline.

I never had much of a flair for the dramatic.
Just got back from my run and am still in my sweaty shorts. Have a few things on my mind. The first is how so much frustration and ennui tends to come from being unable to speak one's mind, to say what one truly feels, out of fear of persecution or some other form of social punishment. I think this is how some perversions and obsessions develop- not all, of course- I can only speak for myself.

What's stopping us (me) from doing or saying anything we (I) like? I mean, I think I'm already opinionated enough as it is, and I can't help but comment on almost everything I see. What is the point of such endless babble? I have a habit of actually reading aloud anything I see that is written in legible English- "Hock Seng Trading Company", I'd point out while walking with my friends. Why? Why this endless thirst for words, why must something always be said? Isn't the first rule "Speak only if you believe you can improve upon the silence"? I feel like I'm not enlightened enough to reach that stage, I am but a mere pupil, fumbling, fumbling, fumbling. I'm like a child that puts everything she sees into her mouth.

Is this sort of frustration the eternal condition of the wannabe artist? I don't think so, I think we romanticize that. I'm sure we can struggle with expression in a comfortable manner- or rather, I'm sure we can embrace discomfort and grow to be comfortable with it. Or could it be said that, upon being used to discomfort, one should "try something else altogether"? Is that even possible? Can one truly be comfortable with discomfort? I  imagine not. I imagine people in war zones and emergency rooms will tell you that you get desensitized to the violence and madness, but there is always something around the
corner that will rip your guts out- and I think that's the job of the artist, we're  supposed to pursue that.

I suppose we get comfortable with that role, that our role is to pursue discomfort and do battle with it- we can embrace that role, and that allows us to be "discomforted" in full when the time comes. We all yearn to weep, to be overwhelmed... I suppose that is what
religious folk have God for. Even scientists need to have faith in the process that they have rigorously tested- the scientific method has worked for everything so far, yes, and we can believe that it will continue to work, but it takes an element of faith to believe that I, as a human being in the pursuit of any sort of inquiry, might have anything at all to contribute to our species' collective knowledge, to our well being.

Sometimes I think I like to talk about art more than I like actually creating art, lol! But I think if I dig a little deeper into that I'll find that it's untrue, I like to talk about art because partially I have this delusion that talking about art helps you make better art... I'm increasingly being persuaded by the idea that this is untrue, and that the best way to make better art is to make shitty art. If you're making stuff, then talking about it might help, but first and foremost it is important to be making stuff. If you're not making stuff, all the talking in the world won't help you. (Yes, I am oddly self-aware of how this begins to get a little blurry and hazy if talking IS your art, or in this case, writing- so if you make art about making art, is it still art? Everything is art! And nothing. And eventually you just give up and do and say what you believe matters.)

Speaking of art- now that we're talking about it for some reason- I honestly do believe that genuine, real art is being created on the internet everyday. There's a lot of art happening every day on Quora, and Reddit. Art is connection, art is magic, art is when people find themselves challenged and provoked, when we think and learn and breathe a little deeper. Art is when we break past the veneer and shields that we put up to keep ourselves from ourselves, and we discover that we are not discrete we are continuum. Art is wit and conversation and it should be alive. Museums are cemeteries-  it's where art goes to die, preserved in a grotesque reaper-form. Art shouldn't be static, it should be alive, it should be part of conversations, it should provoke and inspire us daily, at a human level, on the ground.

Actually I think that's all I have to say at this point. 800 words on this particular word vomit. I went over 1,600 and 2,000 on a couple of posts so I should still hit my arbitrary 1,000,000 word target at the end of it all... #boliao

today i'm tidy up my bookmarks because it takes less effort than writing new things, and they have been such a painful weight on my mind this past year or so, and maybe later today you will see a nice elegant post of bullet points and bold headlines about the bookmarks i've accumulated over the years, why i'm keeping what i'm keeping, what i have to do, elegant plans, elegant ideas, everything nice and tidy... both sides of me are equally valid, equally true, i am a mess trying to make sense of itself, complexity borne out of chaos seeking order

today i am a tall skinny indian guy, too skinny, bad breath from dehydration and a smoking habit that needs to change, thankfully no body odor, a ring on my finger and a thick clump of hair that needs thinning, an ulcer in the mouth, itchy, slovenly, gross

but i am equally me, later i will take a shower and i will scrub real good and i will brush my teeth until my gums are a little raw and i will scrape my tongue and i will do my pushups and squats and i will feel my heart rate climb and i will tidy up the mess and i will deal with life because that takes a certain element of courage

yeah well fuck your courage when there are people in the world dying of cancer, people with gangrenous intestines from having been raped with iron rods so forcefully that they were ripped out, and she still has the will to live, she wakes up in hospital, asks for water, asks if the rapists have been caught, is determined to make a fucking difference

i will not be down i am not down there is much work to be done there is no time to feel sorry for oneself longer than the context of 15 minutes 1000 words

life needs living

ought to be focused on other people, think about other people, think about helping, think about doing something that matters, serving others, make a difference, help, contribute, be a part of something greater, don't be bored, don't stagnate, grow, grow, learn, grow, grow

at the very least capitalize your i's for god's sake you're getting unbecomingly lazy

well sometimes i like to be lazy... it's funny that i'm talking about being lazy while i'm typing as fast as i bloody possibly can so that i can't slow down (i had to slow down at that moment, lol, because grammar)- go as fast as i can so that i don't have the time to stop and overthink about what i'm trying to say, go as fast as i can so that my thoughts spill out before i can censor them, and maybe then i can look at them afterwards and find out who i really am

but of course there is no i, there is no really, there is no am, tis all an illusion, useful make-believe borne out of the self-interest of consciousness

but anyway this too will pass and it's just interesting to think about it and 50 cent and robert greene came together to say turn shit to sugar so hopefully that's what i'm doing, capturing some semblance of a wannabe snapshot of a mind in a mental state that it wouldn't normally like to be captured in because it isn't particularly in its best interests

no it isn't particularly in its own perceived best self interests...

sometimes what is in your best interests is beyond your immediate imagination, this is the problem with a lack of imagination, logic will not get you anywhere beyond what is immediately accessible, the best solution may require a leap of faith, that's not religion or spirituality talking, that's how science is advanced, that's how everything is advanced, that is the science of complexity

the science of complexity tells me that what i think is best for myself isn't necsesarily what is best for myself and that I should try random fucking shit just to see what happens

and then of course it's important to be rigorous after that, to take notes and make sense of yourself

today i am a slovenly sloppy lazy guy but I have been typing with great fury and now i will do a few other things, take a shower, get my hair thinned and sort myself out

woohoo
I should always be doing something. Doing nothing is okay if I'm okay with doing nothing, and sometimes I love nothing better than to sit around doing nothing. But I think it's important that that doing-of-nothing is a comfortable, peaceful and happy silence- not the sort of tense restlessness you get when you know you have something that needs doing, but you can't do it, or you haven't done it. Like going on "vacation" but being burdened with the thought of all your backlog work.

Rest should be restful, else it's no rest at all. Work hard, play hard, rest hard, etc.

I have a huge list of projects and ideas and blog post ideas and stuff like that and I need to systematically go through them and eradicate whatever's non-essential, and start making progress on whatever is good. I wish I could get more feedback from my readers than I do now, but that's wishful thinking- most of you guys are lurkers and I have to accept that as the reality of things until I get much, much more established. The irony is, once you're that established, it's not that big of a deal any more- you know what to do.

Follow your gut, follow your bliss. Only way forward.

I don't NEED to do anything, of course, but I really want to and I know what would make me happy and fulfilled. Tonight, that would mean getting a good's night rest, waking up bright and early before anybody else, decluttering my bookmarks list, going through some of my notes to myself and transcribing them, maybe hit the gym and do some heavy lifting (god, it's been so long since I've done any heavy lifting)

I saw a few old people today and I'm always really disheartened to see old people with limited mobility- when they can't stand or sit or walk without assistance. I've seen videos on youtube of people who are 60 or 70 and they are FIT- they can run, they can jump, they're in great shape. It seems to have something to do with musculature- it's the muscular folk who do reasonably heavy lifting that last longer. This seems to be a fairly recent understanding, and not everybody seems to know this.

Lift heavy and hard to live long and well. I'd like to stop being skinny. It'll require a total lifestyle change, so I'll start with small baby steps stuff.

I have been taking cold showers every morning, I do my pushups and my squats. Really, I think my number one priorities after that should be to limit my aimless internet surfing time, and to go to bed as early as possible. It's 11:10pm now. I'm going to set some goals for tomorrow before I sleep, so that I know what I ought to do, then I'm going to take a cold shower, sit in silence for a while and go to bed.

I'm in an interesting place right now. Not too hot, not too cold, I sort of know what I must do, and I've been sort of doing it, and things haven't been amazing but they haven't been bad, either. I think I just need to keep at it, make some minor adjustments along the way, and I have a feeling that things will start to look really good, really soon.

Of course, I could be inflating the possibility of any sort of good outcome. More likely than not, things are just going to stay the same. I'm noticing that I struggle more with these word vomits if I spend some time online BEFORE getting to writing. Writing should be the absolute first thing I do. Somehow my mind is clearer then, and more flows through me. Start stoning online and I'm sunk.

I wish I knew this back in JC, or in secondary school- man, I fucked myself over big time with my TV and internet addictions. I accept this, though, and I will try to make the most of it- I believe that I have some degree of perspective that is of value, I just haven't fully managed or learned to adequately express it yet, in a way that is good and useful.

Did I say I was having difficulty with this? Nothing seems powerfully meaningful right now, but I actually completed 1000 in under 3 minutes. Perhaps this is a sign that I should start summarizing the previous word vomits instead of continuing forward. I'll meditate on that thought and get back to you tomorrow.

cheers and love.

I treat my google reader inbox on priority. None of your posts escape me. So keep writing. Love the work. Also checkout my site.
So I went to bed at midnight and I just woke up (at 3:45am) and I'm not sure why exactly that is, considering how sleepy I was. My eyes are still sensitive to the light (I'm squinting) and my throat is parched (drinking a glass of iced water) but I couldn't quite get back to sleep, so I thought maybe it might be productive to throw out another word vomit before trying to get back to sleep. Here I am.

I've been thinking about things like scale of influence and productivity. I've got 434 Likes on my Facebook Page now. Is that impressive? I don't mean impressive in the "ooh I feel important and it makes my personal ego swell" kinda sense, even though perhaps at the root of it, that's what it might be- I'm more interested in thinking and talking about the amount of useful influence I can have on people, if that makes sense. I want to make a positive difference to people, and I've always thought- with distribution models being the way they are, why would we unnecessarily limit our audience? I'd like to reach out to thousands of people. But yeah, that sounds egoistic, so I'll just stop at that for now. I need to figure out how to express that in a way that is meaningful. I honestly feel like the conversation will take on a qualitative change when there are more people invested in it.

I was thinking about my Singapore-centric perspective, and how I'd like to eventually do something with global impact. I love my country, I love our food, our lingo, our roads, streets and shores, but I'd also like to love the rest of the planet. I'd love to fall in love with another city or town, or several. I'd love to make a difference somewhere else. How do I know for sure that the place I'm born and raised in is the place I would be best able to contribute to humanity? I will always be a Singaporean at heart to some extent, because so much of my memories and cultural identity belong here, but what could I do for the broader global community? How can I contribute, how can I make a difference to a greater number of people? Are we limiting ourselves when we think local?

At the same time, it helps to have at least a local surge of traffic, that makes you look a bit better on the broader stage. God it feels like I'm continuously talking about impressions rather than depth, like I'm talking about the icing on the cake rather than the cake itself. Let's flip that around- how can I produce the best content I can possibly produce? How can I share what is most meaningful, valuable and relevant?

I've been thinking about progress in the world and I've been wondering if we're really doing everything we possibly can as a species (obviously not). How much faster or more effectively could we be progressing? What are the greatest or "highest-leverage" tasks or quests that we should converge on? Should we lift the lowest-of-the-lowest out of poverty? Focus on education? Women's rights? On clean water? On disease prevention? Can we afford to focus on one at the expense of others? Can we afford to try and do all at once? What's the best strategy moving forward, to resolve as many of those issues as quickly and effectively as possible? What is the path to a healthy world? Like, if you're fat and sick, the first steps are- get hydrated, take walks, take medication if you're seriously ill, nourish your healthy relationships... I'm sure there are parallels between individual human wellness and collective human wellness.

I've been thinking about redundancy and how wasteful it is when people have to do the same thing over and over again. Think about how many lectures are happening around the world in every single school, every single day, when modern technology would allow us to simply share the best possible lecture, over and over again, distributed endlessly. Why not?

There are a few educators who are heads and shoulders above the rest, and it is, to me, outrageously wasteful if their talents and perspectives are limited to a few, especially in this age. I find it sad when people with amazing talents and abilities and gifts to contribute to the world are limited by a lack of distribution.

The whole world should know and celebrate amazing people, and share in their gifts. This should be happening a lot faster, I feel. Our collective enterprise of human learning should be progressing at a much greater rate, with people sharing knowledge far more effectively. Right now it still feels like the main thing we share are cat pictures and cute videos... I want to contribute to a world where we share thoughtfulness, compassion and reason. I understand that these things will probably never light up our caveman brains the way sexy pictures do, but I think it's worth a shot. We need more passionate educators- no, I don't even think we really need more, we just need a better and more equitable distribution of the educators that we already have. We already have a lot of amazing, beautiful art in the world, we just need to share it better. We have an abundance of good stuff, but somehow the curation process isn't moving as quickly as I envision it. Data is shared, but not information- do you know what I mean? People aren't learning nearly as fast as we could be if we helped each other out, and made it a priority. It's like we're using chainsaws to chop down trees, but we haven't quite figured out how to pull the chain and get it started.

I guess that's a big picture perspective and the only way to really get moving forward on that is to continually and consistently put stuff out, share important stuff, and go back and forth from big to small.

It is a sad day today, and I'm almost ashamed to be Indian- to know that I participate in a culture that has, in recent years, at least, objectified women and systematically oppressed them. We have a long way to go, as a species, and I can't help but mourn the loss of not just her life, but her incredible fighting spirit. I hope her tragic death captures the heroic imagination of the Indian people, and that we come around and face the monstrosities within our own psyche. We have a long way to go before we can even think of calling ourselves civilized, really.

To talk about what's been on my mind: I've been helping my dad out at work the past few days- every two years, there's a religious Sikh festival held at the Singapore Expo, and my dad's company is contracted to dispose of all the waste. (Vast amounts of waste!) This year, I was especially impressed by how good the logistics were- the garbage bags are neatly tied and then put in giant trollies, which saves us incredible amounts of labour, because now we can wheel the garbage from the garbage point to the dump truck. I'm reminded of Nassim Taleb's description of the wheels under baggage, and how that simple "invention" saves effort for millions of people around the world- and how that idea took nearly 30 years or so to be implemented, because it simply hadn't occurred to anybody.

I remember two years ago, and two years again before that, getting rid of the trash at the festival was an incredibly daunting affair- huge piles of trashbags, some poorly tied, food waste spilling everywhere... it was a bit of a nightmare, really. I find myself thinking about how little actual effort it takes to implement all these little "policies" that lead to far less chaos in the long run, and far less problems for everybody. And I realize there's a certain piece of life-wisdom buried in there- if we take the right actions moving forward, we can always make cleanup much, much easier. I don't do this enough in my own life.

(Immediately upon writing that, I think- how can anybody call a little food mess a nightmare, when there are people getting visciously gang-raped elsewhere in the world? And then I think about how, to have that thought, we have to have an emerging global consciousness of sort, and how that's a good thing, and something to be grateful for, even amidst all the monstrosities and actual nightmares that exist. They have always existed, and while some of them have been confronted in the past, I think we're starting to confront them even better today- of course, I might just be indulging in generational bias, generational hubris- every generation thinks it's better than its predecessor. Well, I hope with all my heart that the next generation will be better than mine- that it will be more thoughtful, more compassionate, more caring- I think that's a good thing.)

One of the labourers that helps us is an Indian national, and he works with me and my dad to get rid of the trash. He's quite an intelligent guy, I think. I notice that my dad is very effectively bi-lingual. (Tri-lingual, actually- he speaks fluent malay, too!) It's especially interesting to me to notice how my family speaks english to me, even if they sometimes speak tamil with one another. My dad and brother speak to each other in tamil most of the time, occasionally lapsing in english whenever things get heated. (That's another funny thought/observation.) I think it's because everybody knows that I just suck at tamil- it's almost as if they speak to me english just to spare me the indignity of revealing how bad my tamil is. Even the worker guy tries to speak to me in english, which I feel bad about, because in a group of tamil guys, I ought to be fully capable of speaking tamil.

Then I find myself thinking about secondary school and how I always kind of resented having to speak tamil in any circumstance whatsover- I sort of resented the language, because I associated it with things that I didn't like. I didn't like tamil class, I didn't like modern tamil pop culture (I still don't, to be honest), I couldn't yet appreciate tamil history yet (I love it now, I think a lot of it is wonderfully complex and beautiful). I also often thought of tamil as a dying, archaic language that would quickly become irrelevant and inconsequential, so I might as well learn english.

Somewhere along the line I've been starting to realize that tamil will definitely be around to stay for quite some time, at least during my lifetime and a couple of lifetimes afterwards. I realize, from my Indian/Tamil followers on Quora, that there's a huge market/pool of tamil speakers outside of Singapore. Even in Singapore itself, it makes sense to speak good Tamil so as to reach out to the tamil-speaking community. It's an entire target audience that I've been neglecting simply because my tamil sucks. I guess I'm sort of meandering around- the point I'm trying to make is, I would love to be able to speak good Tamil. I was actually trying to learn Spanish for a while, because I thought it would be cool to learn another language, to get another point of view in the world- but then I realize, I can already speak Tamil, so I might as well just get better at it! All the mechanisms are already there, I already have almost everything I need- all I lacked was a reason, and I feel like I kind of have one now.
I've been thinking about this year and if I should do anything about it and I was thinking the only way forward is to make really, really simple commitments. Like a commitment to breathing deeply, or a commitment to joy. To happiness. Ever wondered why we use the phrase "pursuit of happiness", when happiness is never caught in pursuit? You don't pursue happiness, you realize it. It isn't something you go looking for, it's something you find within yourself. Sometimes a journey of some sort may help you realize this, because only when we step out of ourselves do we really get to take a good hard look at ourselves, but I do think "life, liberty and the realization of happiness" would be more badass than "the pursuit of happiness".

I was thinking about Guruka Singh, who's easily my favourite spiritual leader in existence. I mean, we don't know Jesus or Muhammad, we just hear about them, read about them, and while we can infer that they must have been great people, it's hard to say. Guruka, on the other hand, just emanates this joy. You can see it in the twinkling of his eyes, and his deep, happy smile- the man is a rock, he's a tree with roots that go way, way deep. He may be a man of faith (we all are, to some degree, just to function on a day to day basis- with respect to our interactions with the universe), but I think more importantly, he's a man of joy, and he's a man of thoughtfulness. I see in him something that I want for myself. (That's a very posessive way of describing things, and nothing is ever posessed in this world.) I want to find a similar strength in my own being, I want to be that comfortable in my own skin and to be able to touch myself and others with that same sort of joy. Possessions are just possessions. Emotions are just emotions. The only conquest we can truly have is over ourselves, and through this we will probably find that we positively influence the hearts and minds of others. That's all that really matters.

Eh, hundred words to go. I suppose I'll squeeze in something about writing. I was looking at something I had written while going through my ancient resume, and I was quite amused to notice that my writing style has changed- I never noticed it myself, but when I look at my older writing I find it tedious and cumbersome. I'd like to think I'm a lot more streamlined now. It is what it is and this session has reached its conclusion. Do better later, let things go, let's go, go.

I have a few tasks I'd like to complete tonight before I go to bed. I'd like to reply a particular email. I'd like to finish a particular article. But I'd also like to go to bed early, preferably before 11:30pm, definitely before midnight. No matter what, if I'm staying up past midnight, online, it better be for a damn good reason- I must be helping someone with something important, or maybe I must be making money.

Money is an interesting thing. I value it disproportionately more now than usual because I'm exceptionally broke. I imagine some people start out this way, but without reflection and checks and balances, we start to overwork- we stay up all night to make money when we're broke, but if we continue this workaholic behaviour even when we're financially secure, the habit ceases to make rational sense. Once you're financially secure, that additional dollar isn't nearly as valuable as a good night's rest, time spent with loved ones, etc. So it's important to constantly re-evaluate yourself. (But you don't want to be re-evaluating at every passing moment, so it makes sense to schedule moments of re-evaluation- ultra-small ones at the start, middle and end of every day [5 mins], longer ones at the end of each week [30 mins], even longer ones every month or every time a major project is completed, or at every major life event. You can't entirely plan for these things, but I think it's exceedingly clear to me that things like "Liberty", "Freedom" and "Independence" are things that exist at their most exalted only in appropriate doses. Too much freedom can be stifling if you're not careful. An obsession with freedom is something that ties you down, and one needs to be free from the obsession of being free. It all sounds rather paradoxical and convoluted, like something exceedingly and endlessly complex- and it is, and yet at the same time it's also remarkably simple. We can't kick up too much of a dust, for otherwise we will be unable to see.

It seems to me that there will always be some degree of wisdom and insight that are beyond words. The bandwidth of experience exceeds the bandwidth of communication. And perhaps the bandwidth of emotion exceeds the bandwidth of experience. So we feel more than we know, and we know more than we can say- and we can never say everything we feel, because by definition a significant bulk of our feelings are beyond words.

It's nice to think about, but again, how long can you do that for? There are diminishing returns to the pleasures of such contemplation- after some thought, we must do. After some action, we must pause to reflect. There is a certain cycle that emerges that is most ideal, and I think living in this cycle brings the greatest joy.

On to more mundane things- I really need to get a job! If anybody has any use for me, please do contact/email me and let me know. I'm good with words, and I'm good with people when I have to be, and I'm at a stage in my life where I'm particularly ambitious and driven to make something of myself. I believe in empowering others, I believe in learning and sharing and having fun. I'm sure you could use me on your team, whatever it is you do- or you at least know somebody who does. C'mon, be a bro, hook me up! :P This vomit is ending. I'm going to switch to another task. See you tomorrow. Bedtime 11:30pm.
The whole experience is a humbling, smelly and dirty affair. Picking up after people's food waste is... just something that's a class of its own, really. I want to talk about the interactions between blue-collar workers. I've experienced this a few times- when I was banquet staff at Shangri-La, and when I was working at the Singapore Airshow... there is a certain kindness and cameraderie that working-class folk have amongst themselves that's really powerful and humanizing. Everybody looks out for one another, everybody cares for one another. I remember when I was doing some traffic marshalling at the air show, and ground staff from another "unit" (not at all related to us) shared their food and water with us, because they saw that we were alone. I thought that was incredibly thoughtful and touching, and that's something that's often lacking in a more white-collar dog-eat-dog environment. There's a certain wisdom and a certain element of the human experience that you don't get anywhere else, I think.

I wish I could better distill the insights I've gotten from my working-class/labourer experiences. They're really something. I highly recommend anybody who has an opportunity to try it... try it. I remember when I was working at Shangri-La, there was a day where I wasn't completely clean shaven- and the manager threatened to send me home about it. That was something very visceral and real that I still remember today- I suppose you have similar experiences in NS, but I was still about 16 then, and thinking, wow, welcome to the real world, where it's not at all about you, and you can pretty much go to hell if you're not in order.

These experiences have been tremendous for me and I'd like to contemplate them more.

One last quick insight- I went jamming with my band today for old time's sake- our guitarist just came back to Singapore for a short break, and I really enjoyed it. I remember writing "went jamming" in my journal when keeping track of my days, and I intuited that perhaps jamming must have been a really positive experience for me, because I felt it somehow important or necessary to keep track of. And yeah, it's just cathartic, making music with other people. I think music will always be a part of my life, even if I never get incredible at it. It also reinforces the instinct I've had for some time that I ought to dig up my thoughts over the past few years to look for hindsight-reflected insights that I would otherwise neglect moving forward. The importance of sleep, reading, of time spent with loved ones, of exercise, of music. And life is good, good day to you.
But lately I've found that I procrastinate even the work that I find personally meaningful. I procrastinate writing blog articles, I procrastinate creating what I believe to be art. I believe strongly that my life's value will come in writing and curating things, yet I have not been doing it. Am I lazy? How can anybody be lazy in the pursuit of what delights them? That's like saying a person is too lazy to eat delicious chocolate cake, or too lazy to masturbate, or whatever you can think of that might be pleasurable or meaningful. Too lazy to talk to my parents. Can't be bothered.

Really? REALLY? That doesn't quite cut it for me. Lazy isn't an excuse, lazy is a condition of circumstance... lazy is what happens when there's either no payoff, or we don't SEE the payoff. This is why a video game can make us do simple gathering tasks that are mindless and droning, while we struggle to do the same in real life.

People log into Second Life to go to work in the virtual world- why?! Because the virtual world is more consistently rewarding than the real world. So we're far less lazy in the online realm, because the payoff is far more immediate, predictable, understandable... so the difference between a lazy person and a hardworking person, fundamentally, I think, is their ability to create a believable narrative for themselves where their efforts pay off.

Let me rephrase that- if you work damn hard at something with no results whatsoever, you're either a robot or a moron. Nobody can sustain that. If we work hard at something with no IMMEDIATE results, it has to be because we have a clear vision of where we're ultimately headed. We might not lose the pounds overnight, but we know they'll come off. We believe it, because maybe we were fit before, or we saw somebody else do it. Even better still is if we don't actually care about losing the weight- if we do it simply because we enjoy the task.

But look at me- I enjoy writing, and I want to write, and I believe that my life's value will come from writing, and writing gives me joy... and yet I don't write. Because I'm lazy? Because I'm a procrastinator? Those seem like simple, straightforward and even valid answers, and I can almost roll with that- but the idea that I'm not writing because I'm SCARED- that's something I haven't actually considered or grappled with. The idea that I might be scared of my own best work- to find out my own vulnerability, my own weakness, my own limit- that's new to my conscious mind, that's kind of fucking terrifying. And sad. Somehow to me it's always been sadder to be scared than lazy. Lazy is cool, man. Scared is noob. Don't live in fear. Be fearless. Fearlessness is cool.

well no, fuck that shit. Life will have to be lived with fear. I think back about when I did my first stand-up at Comedy Masala. I was scared shitless. (Literally. I had to go take a dump right before going up on stage.) I remember reading about Comedy Masala in the papers, thinking, "Hey, I'd like to do that some day", but I never had the balls to actually do anything about it- until my editor at Campus Magazine suggested that I do it, and I agreed- I needed that push, I needed someone to say "GO DO IT BITCH" and I'm like "OK OK FUCK MY FEAR LETS GO" and in the end it was fucking glorious and beautiful... all those times I got on stage with armchair and we fucked up, it was still beautiful in the end, it's the trying that matters no the end result, and it's a lack of focus in the present and an obsession with outcomes that leads to the paralysing fear that distracts the focused mind

Leonardo da Vinci said motion is the destruction of balance. It seems to me that I have a voice in my head that loves the status quo. This is completely anti-thetical to the philosophy I claim to believe in, but if you look at my life history, if you look at the results, it's clear that I'm actually a creature of habit, of routine... I try to disguise that through psuedo-intellectualization but when you ultimately lay everything out in front of you, it all becomes clear.

If you're lazy, Visa, re-evaluate your situation and put together your vision so that you feel compelled to do something. In the case of writing, you already know that you want to do it, that you believe in it, all of those things are valid. Now you just have to acknowledge that you're fucking terrified of falling short- well, fuck that, you ARE going to fall short- over, and over, and over again. Everything you write is going to be shit.

Write anyway.

haven't said everything I'd like to say, but I have 976,000 more words to do that in. Huh. That means I've written 24,000 words already. Imagine that. Fuck you Visa, go and sleep.

My stomach hurts a little, and for some reason, several times while writing this I got the impulse to pause the timer and open up chrome and check my Facebook. It's a total addiction, impulse, drug... it's really not healthy! After I finish writing this, I'm going to maybe look for something to eat and drink, shower, maybe have a cigarette, get some reading done (so that I don't spend too much time sitting in front of the computer all at once) and then do up my resume. Yesterday wasn't the most perfect day, I think because of a bad sleep choice and too much dust.

Oh yeah, as I was cleaning my room, I wondered- would I have gotten less messed up (nasally) if I had just thrown out one article of clothing everytime I entered my room, instead of trying to do a major overhaul? That always strikes me as the best way to declutter- instead of doing something big, do something small, over and over again. That way you don't get the trauma of large scale action (which can be cathartic, I guess, but I seem to have a sensitive nose)

Oh yeah, yesterday I discovered a thread on reddit (through /r/bestof) that was /r/listentothis and it has a list of 15 fantastic artists that the world doesn't know yet, and a fantastic discussion about the future of music. Reading it was an absolute fucking pleasure. On the other hand, I was also reading an article on the New York Times about how pasta ought to be eaten. They talked about how you shouldn't use a spoon (except when the sauce is really watery), how some pasta should be hanging off the fork because otherwise it must've been overcooked... and the more I read it, the more I thought, oh god, what a crock of shit, they're trying to legislate culture. People used to eat spaghetti with their hands before cutlery was invented. STOP LEGISLATING CULTURE, let people be. Jesus Christ. I don't understand why we do this. Okay I can understand things like "Don't sit with your legs on the table, that's disrespectful"- but what the fuck is up with specific ideas like "leave some spaghetti hanging off your fork"? I can't be fucked with understanding this sort of thing. I'd much rather engage in a productive discussion about the future of music. Enjoy it here:

Oh yeah, I was thinking- young people ought to systematically meet older people. By that I mean to say that we need to have relationships with people slightly older than us, because they've experienced things that we're about to experience, and they can better prep us for it. It simply doesn't make sense to spend all your time around people of the same age group. But that's what life does to us these days- I don't think it's a universal phenomena, I think it's a consequence of the industrial era education system we have. We educate people in batches, so they form ties with people of the same age, and then they go to work at the same time, so their peers are all the same age- and people get cliquey around people of the same age... all of that is balls. We should all seek out older friends. There is no substitute for wisdom or experience.

I suppose it's also useful to seek out younger friends, because they bring a certain youthful curiosity and interest to the table that can heal a jaded heart, and in trying to express to them what we feel needs to be shared, we become clearer about what is important to us. I remember Neil Humphreys writing something about how his daughter teaches him patience and love. I liked that. We're all here to learn. We learn from each other.

It's been impressed upon me that I've been very Singapore-centric, and maybe overly so. I do not know exactly HOW much overly Singapore-centric I am (god that was grammatically wrong but I'm too sleepy to bother trying to fix it and I need to make up words to fulfill a word count so I use this stream of consciousness style to keep going and going... I am totally gaming my own system for my own selfish ends and I'm not sure if i'm losing anything in the process but FUCK IT something is better than nothing, and I wasn't expecting all 1,000,000 words to be pearls of wisdom anyway, quantity quantity quantity as long as it's not completely incomprehensible it will somehow be useful to me. HURH.)

anyway I need to travel and to get some different perspectives. I've been thinking too long and hard about Singapore and I haven't actually thought about what sort of global impact I might be able to have. I mean, I've fantasized about it, but you need to leave the earth to see it for what it is (the overview effect) and similarly I think I need to travel to get a better sense of what I care about, what's important to me.

Also, I need a massage, and to go for a run, and to play lots of guitar, and to write god damn fucking shit to write to write and write about every damn thing that's on my mind- mindless websurfing is the fucking death of me and I need to go to bed ASAP so omg 250 more words what

this is not oneo f my proudest days- my mind is constantly in front of itself- I'm actually writing this way faster than usual, I still have 6 minutes left on the clock which is much more time than I usually have

here's what i'm curious about, does the content of this particular word vomit somehow suffer from this edgy obsessiveness or whatever this is? this edge-of-seat ok-sorry-gotta-run-bye kind of thing? I think it would only suffer if I did this for each and every word vomit, because then you'd never get any deeper or slower insight, but maybe sometimes we ought to write too fast so that we know what comes out when we're going too fast

we need to experiment with different styles and different speeds so we learn about ourselves... when you go fast you appreciate the need to go slow... maybe when you play a million notes and you use a million words you will learn the power and value of a short phrase and maybe when your sentence runs on and on when you've still got about 30 words to go you will learn to say what you need to say in a far more succinct and cogent manner

maybe then you will say more with less

not because you want to but because you have to

I've been thinking- and it's been hitting me especially hard, lately, now that I've gotten so many emails and responses from outside of Singapore: Singapore is only 5,000,000 out of 7,000,000,000. That's 5 out of 7,000, that's less than 1 in a 1,000, that's... uh my maths is bad... that's about 0.07%. Think about it, if you spend all your life in Singapore, worrying about Singaporean politics, you're really worrying about 0.07% of the known human population. I have spent a good 5 years of my life or so thinking about Singapore's future and education policies and social climate and things like that (and things like Singapore's music scene, which I am passionate about, but reflects an even smaller percentage...) and I know, life shouldn't be a number's game, but really, does it make sense to be so worked up about something so small? Could I be better using my time and energy focusing on bigger issues, could I be making a bigger and more meaningful difference in the world? I've always had ambitions of expanding in terms of scale of influence- I want to leave behind some sort of art that impacts all of humanity, hopefully- and I know, some people will say that's way out of my league- but how do you get there if you don't dream about it? You don't get to be President of the USA by accident, for example- thousands of guys dream about it, hundreds of them fight tooth and nail for it, and everybody who ends up in such positions set out to be there, had a vision to be there before they were ever even close to it. So I make no apologies for thinking and dreaming big.

Education needs to be revamped and updated. I've been reading Nassim Taleb's Anti-Fragile and it's been resonating with me powerfully- I accept and understand criticisms of his ego and arrogance and stuff like that, but his actual points make a lot of sense, and it's completely true and valid that a lot of the world could and should be fixed with some proper wisdom- that's sorely lacking. Our financial systems, our education systems, really, all our human systems (including Singapore's political systems...) how do I do something meaningful, real, powerful, valid? And having dreamt all those big dreams, how do I put food on the table, how do I put a roof over my head, how do I make my family happy and proud? There's a lot to think about, and more importantly, there's a lot to do, and I think doing is more important than thinking (for a person who spends more time thinking than doing), and so I should be doing more doing. I will get all of these vomits out and then I will write the emails that I know I've been putting off for some time.

I've been meaning to scour through my old blog posts and do some housekeeping and I've been putting it off partially because I think it's redundant, silly and unnecessary, and partially because it just seems like way too much work. Why don't I do a little at a time? I really just need to keep track of my days. It's frustrating to run into this impasse of sorts where you know what you need to do but you're struggling to do it- but maybe I'm doing it right now, maybe as long as I keep writing while staying offline, all is good. This is This is the first word vomit and I'm completing it almost 4 minutes ahead of time. Next one.
I had this conversation with two friends, and I might as well share it here as well. We all know about the geniuses and the superstars that make up the top 1% or 0.1% of the world. Objectively we can say these guys and girls are badasses, however they got to where they are. Steve Jobs, Mahatma Gandhi, people who are the movers and shakers of the world, who lead us into the unknown, break new ground. Zuckerberg, Godin, everybody doing fantastic things, taking risks on behalf of the rest of humanity, advancements in science and technology and art and music and understanding. Hans Zimmer, Christopher Nolan, whatever- they matter and we know it.

At the opposite end, we also know that the vast majority of people in existence exist merely to fill out the numbers. They go through the motions. At the bottom 10% or so we have the selfish, ignorant and unfortunate people who are destructive to themselves and those around them- people in prisons, people who lie, cheat, steal and do other terrible things that are a cancer of humanity- guys like the rapists of New Delhi. I don't want to go too far into the philsophical discussion of who or what is the problem-  it's a complex issue, we'll leave that discussion for another day. All I need you to acknowledge with me is that some people are making progress in the world, for the world, and others are holding us back. Let's refrain from judging and try to love unconditionally- everybody is human, everybody is deserving of love (even if they don't "deserve" it), everybody is vast and complex and nobody really has the right to judge. Avoiding any elitist nonsense or other such bullshit, let's just agree that there's some positive behaviour and some negative behaviour and some very neutral, bland behaviour that, depending on your world view, either is inconsequential, or perpetuates a status quo that is outdated, obsolete and oppresses people... blah blah, none of that matters.

Here's what I need you to acknowledge next- if you are reading this, you are probably neither in the top 1% or 5% of amazing human beings doing amazing things for the world. (If you are, I'm sorry for judging you- but I seriously think you have better things to do than to read a blog like mine. Maybe you're reading this just for entertainment... whatever.) You're probably not in the bottom 20% or 50%, either- because those people- bless them, they're human beings too- wouldn't be interested in reading something that doesn't haev any clear or immediate value to them. Let's bring it all the way up to 70%. Let's say 5% of people have got their shit together and are making a wonderful positive difference to humanity- they're operating at peak capacity. I know, some people might say guys like Obama are doing harm, not good, because they are perpetuating political whatever... blah. Fuck that shit I'm not interested in discussing that right now. Whatever your views are on Obama, or Lee Kuan Yew, I think we can agree that they are (or were) both capable of excellence, and are (or were) living at the top of their game, living in fullness, and deserve to be in a top 5% or 1% bracket, if there was one.

Let's say 5% of people are amazing-fantastic, writing symphonies and healing broken hearts. Let's say 10% or 20% people do lots of damage, and let's say 50% of people are just getting by... just getting by, inconsequential, really, just making up the numbers. I don't know. Simple people. Nothing wrong with them, there's nothing wrong with living or leading a simple life. But I don't really relate to that, and I'm betting you don't either.)

So say 75% of people, we don't relate to. 5% at the top, 70% below. What about the 25% of us? I think anybody still reading this belongs in that. (Again, just a rule of thumb). What about us? What are we up to, what are we doing? We're not quite dumbfuck pigeons twiddling around, but we're not exactly eagles either, soaring in the skies- we're somewhere in the middle, between the gutter and the stars, just sort of getting by, too. We're aware of our situations but we're not really sure of what to do about it. I'm wondering- what would happen if we all gathered together? Because I'm guessing we're randomly distributed beyond the top 5% mark- some of us might think we're scrapping the bottom of the barrel- but we're intelligent, discerning folk and I feel like if we could all be gathered in a single spot, we could make magic happen. If we could leverage our yet-ungathered collective might, as consumers and creators, and at the very least, throw our weight behind the wonderful work that the top 5% are doing. If we create enough of a positive effect, I'm confident that the next 50% will follow suit, and ultimately the last 20% will have to catch up, too.

Need to refine this idea. Do you know if anybody has already come up with it, or discussed it? It can't be original. But I'm basically curious about what might happen if we rally together the people who are intelligent underachievers, and motivate them with a vision or visions that they can get behind. I know I am not alone, but how many of us are out there? I know some of you think I'm full of shit (sorry about that), but some of you think I'm somehow "above" or "beyond" you, and THAT'S bullshit too- if you're reading this, I'm certain that you are every bit as capable as me, if not more, and if we get together we can make something magical happen.

Just a thought.
We can't move forward in a logical step-by-step manner- the best progress always happens through unexpected collisions and leaps, and it's only on hindsight that we pretend that everything was neat and tidy. What a load of tosh. Who predicted Facebook? Well- biology watcher Lewis Thomas kind of did, from a biological perspective- he described how minds would inevitably coalesce together, in a way... but I'm talking about the literal product, and how it as become such a large part of our lives. I did not expect MySpace to be so utterly SLAIN by Facebook. When I first signed up for it, it seemed somewhat quaint, but I certainly didn't care for it too much- I was invested in MySpace (being a musician/artist wannabe- i spent so many hours there every day at school, it wasn't funny). I never expected Diary-X to go down. These are just little things, but think about how penicillin was invented, or how X or Y or Z really... everything amazing happens with a touch of randomness and serendipity inside, and we really lack that, I think, when we have such structured paths.

It's 5 am now and it's clear to me that I'm not going to be able to do ANOTHER word vomit- well technically, I could, but I think that would be strategically unwise, I should stop at 3 and go to bed, and do another 3 tomorrow, and I would have covered the missing 2 on friday (assuming this fills up saturday, and I will write for Sunday once I'm going to bed)

I read something on Scott's blog where he wrote about how being interrupted is creative death or something like that- when you are in a state of flow, and you are writing or creating or whatever it is you're doing, you want to be obstructed as little as possible- you want as much to flow from your mind through your body through your fingers into your instrument or your pen or your keyboard into the text and you see the words or colours or sounds emerging almost naturally between your mind and your instrument

i was thinking about how we walk and talk and interact and utilize our fingers as if they were a part of our body- I mean, they are, but how would these be any different from say, how a car or plane or motorcycle feels? I realized, at some point, that when high level guitarists or pilots say "my instrument is a part of me, a part of my body", it's not just a figure of speech- after a while your brain literally learns to work with the inputs and outputs of the signals in a way that is fluid and natural and subconscious

and it LITERALLY becomes a part of you- your brain can't possibly tell the difference between the guitar or the plane and your actual feet, for instance, and many of us (who play the guitar) are better at playing the guitar than wiggling our toes
It's funny, I told myself that I would get started the moment I get on the computer, but I saw that my Google Chrome browser was left on since the night before, and I had left my Facebook on, and then I saw that I had recieved PMs and Notifications- and I couldn't help but click on them, and I spent a few minutes going through them, and luckily I was able to get off of it without opening any new tabs or starting any new "information streams"- but already I can feel my mind a little bit less incisive, a little more lethargic and my ideas come to me a little bit slower as I type this now.

I remember reading something Scott Adams wrote about how interruptions are the death of creativity- or something to that effect. When you have a state of flow you want to nourish it as much as possible, that much is precious.

I don't know why I was thinking about this but I was- I'm absolutely fascinated by urban legends and stickiness and what we tend to remember. Like, I remember hearing this story about a guy and his girlfriend, and his girlfriend bumped her head against a glass window/wall at Burger King, and she complained of headaches for a while after and ultimately passed away. Who is this guy, who is his girlfriend? I have no idea, but I met a friend for kopi a couple of days ago and she told me that she had heard the exam same story. Why is this story so sticky? Is it real? Did it get exaggerated as it passed on? I think then of a picture I've seen on both Tumblr and Facebook with two kids- one black and one white- reaching out to each other. (Both of them are on the "backpacks" of their parents, and both parents are facing opposite aisles in a supermarket- so the kids are facing each other). A few weeks or months later I saw the same image being shared on Facebook with an anti-racism quote slapped under it- something like "no child is born a racist", and maybe it would have had a misattribution to a great source of wisdom and insight, like "-Albert Einstein".

You know what I'm talking about? Even if these things are fake, you have got to admit that they tell us something about the human psyche. Observing this, I think of it as a kind of society-wide art form, whether we realize it or not. (Maybe not exactly art because it isn't meaningfully created meaning, but there IS meaning in there if we're looking for it- then and again there is meaning in everything, so if you learn to put on the right lenses, everything is art).

What other sticky things do you know? Here are some stories I've heard that I'm sure aren't very original- kids getting poisoned by candy from strangers on Halloween. Kids kicking a "ball' around a field only to discover that it's a skull that got unearthed from an old/unmarked grave, maybe from the war. There's always some spooky looking tree somewhere that somebody supposedly hanged themselves on. A human fetus in a science lab is almost always supposed to have some backstory involving either a teacher or a student, or most scandalously, both. (What's your favourite popular story?)

It's interesting how sometimes good intentions get twisted with bad ones- we see people posting fake stories and fake images of real heroes or sufferers- apparently one of the images and stories circulating about Newtown was completely fake (but got shared anyway because it was a touching story of a heroic young female teacher), and there were pictures of Jyoti before we even knew her identity, so obviously someone just thought that they'd take some unknown picture of some pretty unknown Indian girl and use it in a before/after with a picture of some unknown indian girl in the ICU. What do you think about that? Is that messed up? Did the original poster just want credit? But they don't even get much credit... they send something out into the air and it just catches and goes viral. There IS a certain pleasure in that, even if nobody ever knows who did it.

What does that say about our humanity, that anonymous internet content aggregator sites exist? No, that's not a rhetorical question to say "Humans are fucked up!"- I don't believe in such simplistic nonsense. No, real question, what does it say about us? I think people are people and we will always be more or less a certain way fundamentally, but the better we understand ourselves the better we can manage ourselves. I'm sure we can use these ideas and perspectives to better ourselves and the world- we just haven't quite learnt to purposefully exploit ourselves yet.

I'm sure the time will come where we learn to create positive things that capture the global human imagination. In fact I bet there are millions of people working on it right now, and I feel blessed to even have the opportunity to even try to contribute a little drop toward that, because many don't.
fuck I can't remember the rest so I'm going to elaborate on the first two.

I was having a limiting thought earlier while I was in the shower, I was thinking- well I did one word vomit

oh wait here's the third one- I forgot to save the earlier word vomit I did onto my blog, but luckily the program I use (called Write or Die) saves your work into a .txt file once you click the "Done" button- but I was thinking, meh, it doesn't even really matter if I lose an occasional vomit here or there, what matters is that I done it. That was a nice realization to have.

Limiting thought: I was thinking, "eh, why are you doing this, you can't really do this... you've only done 30 so far, you're aiming for 1,000, that's 1,000,000 words, that's crazy, what's the point, it's kind of silly isn't it, how are you so sure that it's actually going to amount to anything, you can't be sure of things like that"

Yes I actually had those thoughts and I recognize them very well because they occur in other spheres of my life, too- why bother studying, what if you don't do well? Why bother working out, you've always been a skinny bitch and you're always going to be a skinny bitch, aren't you- and this is when and why I procrastinate out of fear, or maybe even out of a lack of faith, or even out of RATIONAL REASONING- which is fucked up! It's completely rational to believe that you'll never amount to anything in life, because so far you haven't, and for the most part, nobody does, so you're safer where you are if you don't try.

Fuck that, what's the point of being safe? Is safety a priority for me? When it comes to physical health, yes it makes sense to take precautions, to wear a helmet when you get on a bike, to avoid doing things that might jeopardize your health. (But still, I smoke, so that's not fucking logical or consistent... but I suppose it is because the effects aren't immediately obvious, or the pleasure overrides it- so we're fucking broken, really, we're fucking weak. Oh well. We have to accept that, we can't resent ourselves for it.)

Anyway- why bother with psychological safety and comfort? Why is it a priority to NOT face our real potential, our real potential greatness? SO FUCKING WHAT if we fail? Fail then fail lah! We are not our failures. Failure is something that happens en route to success, and we are not our failures (neither are we our successes).

So fuck it, even if this doesn't amount to anything EVER, I'm still going to hit 1,000 word vomits. Hell, I probably hit it a long time ago, several times over, I just never really quantified it. I notice my friend numbers her blog entries and she recently hit #1200. Sure, she doesn't go for raw quantity each time, but still- things add up, and sooner or later I'm going to hit 1,000.

I was imagining the voice of another friend who would say- all of this is so fucking pointless, why do you even bother rationalizing anything to yourself, why do you bother with all this pointless reasoning- if it matters just fucking do it, otherwise it doesn't fucking matter so just get on with your life instead of all this needless pontification. And to that I say- you're absolutely right bro. But you also say that we should do what we want to do and right now this is where I am and this is where I want to be and this is what I want to be doing so fuck yeah. Doing.

It's 6:22am and the sun will be up soon and waking up early after going to bed early is pretty much the best decision ever, because all these beautiful thoughts and ideas just naturally come to mind when you're up ahead of the world. I was in the shower and I literally thought, quite naturally, "Hmm, I should go for a run." So here I am in my running gear, sitting here, and once I'm done I'm going to put on my socks and shoes and head out for a run. There was no rationalization or bargaining involved, I just felt like I ought to do it. And that's the magic of getting up early, I think- we have time and space to "just" feel what we want, the world is quiet so we hear our own minds, but the fantastic thing is- the day hasn't started yet, so we have the time to actually do things- instead of waiting until the world sleeps, coming up with fantastic ideas and then going to bed feeling edgy and restless because we have all this mental energy but no real physical energy to execute on these ideas. And holy shit I'm at 900 words and it's been less than 10 minutes. Wow.

I definitely have millions of words in me, so there is no question. The limiting thought is just my saboteur inside my head who's afraid of greatness, afraid of trying, afraid of anything different. Sure, I may never be great. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. What matters is that I try, and that I'm alive, and this moment- this moment- this moment it exists and it existed and I will chase it and I will breathe it and I will REALize it and it will be all I ever wanted. All I ever wanted was a taste of magic and magic is everywhere if we just Dare.

Should I go for another one, right now, hot off the heels of having just finished one vomit right before? Can I do 2000 words at one go? Of course I fucking can, I've definitely done it before when I argue with people on Facebook. (Lol, Facebook arguments.) But those are about a subject, those are just raw emotions- that's it, emotions are what you need to carry something. You can't move forward if you don't feel. You gotta feel something and then feel that feeling (lol, what?) and then the words will flow and you don't even need to think about it.

Anyway I wanted to explore that idea of safety- what is up with that, anyway? Safety. It's not something I think about. I'm 22 years old. Why is safety an issue or priority? I'm broke, so I'm not financially very safe. I'm a smoker, so health obviously isn't my number one priority... although I do try to exercise and drink water and sleep well. I don't want to get flabby and skinny and strength-less. I think it's important for a young man to be strong, and even more so for an older man to be strong, and I think that's partially why I'm going for the run right after I finish this- because I think it's important to have some degree of power. Now, I'm going to run and I know halfway through my run I'm going to get tired and I'm probably going to stop and walk for a while- but I'm going to try, anyway, aren't I?

The point of all this mess is that it's startlingly clear to me that even after all the time and energy I've spent philosophizing, I still have a lot of mess to clear up. I spent my time on the periphery, flagging this and colouring that and arranging this and that- but never actually get to the heart of the matter. I'm reminded of the way I used to play SimCity as a child- I used to arrange everything nicely in a superficial way, but the city would inevitably die, because it wasn't built for life.

Build things for life! Heh. Sounds like I'm trying to create soundbites where there might not be any. Fuck me there was a thought in my head that I had to put out which isn't coming right now. Pause.

I lost it, but I think it was something about prioritization and getting to the heart of things- the heart of things seem to always evoke a certain pain and discomfort, you're going to have to make difficult decisions and you're going to have to confront weakness- I'm reminded of Louis CK talking about how he observed George Carlin throwing out all of his old material, and how that forces you to dig deep, and eventually you get to a stage that is so sincere and real that people simply have to listen and pay attention and clap and give you some sort of adulation for it because nobody else does that- few people do- to dig that deep. For a moment while I was thinking about standup comedy and extrapolating that to writing, it occurred to me that the same thing should happen with writing- we should discard the often-travelled road and move on to the uncharted, the unknown.

(Suddenly I'm thinking about desire paths... you know those paths that end up forming because people walk off the pavement onto the grass, until eventually there's a new path altogether? think about desire paths in our brains... and how all art ought to be built, to some degree, on desired paths.)

Fuck me, what am I saying? Now I'm really kind of upset at having lost a thought... it was clear and lucid, I swear. But I'm also kind of amused that I'm 640 words into the searching of a thought that will probably come naturally to me while I'm running later. Such is the nature of thought. We can't force these things we have to allow them to come at us from the side. Urhhhh.

I guess it was something about intensity- something about having to throw yourself into something deeper than you normally allow yourself, and there you will face a whole new battle, a different kind of insight. AH I think I got it- I wanted to talk about poker. I was playing poker with my friends and I was practically watching myself make strange calls and raises- I have this oddball habit that destroys me, where I'm short stacked and I get frustrated and I start raising like crazy in the hope that other people will be intimidated and just back off from the pot- and people are almost always able to identify my bullshit, and they almost always actually have a better hand (for some reason I only ever do this when I have a shit hand, and I've run out of patience and I'm like MEH FUCK IT) and this is the single, largest source of my poker failures. If I could eliminate these 5% of hands that I play, I would probably see a huge jump in poker profits- because I almost always lose money in the same kind of hand, same kind of situation- I just can't stop myself.

So the question that bears asking is- how do you stop yourself from something that YOU KNOW is destructive? I'm reminded of how, in those moments, I'm practically a spectator. And I feel a sense of empathy for anybody who's ever lost control of themselves, in anger or frustration or maybe even lust (this is some dangerous fucking ground here, because you don't want to be caught sympathizing with abusers or rapists)...

and I think there has to be a solution, because yesterday or the day before I said something stupid to a friend and another friend got angry and upset and started attacking me personally- and I apologized without retaliating, and he withdrew and apologized as well later on- and I know for a fact, given our past history, that if I had taken it personally (and I was kind of taking it personally- but I went up and had a shower and a smoke and I controlled myself SOMEHOW- I really don't know how I did this) he would have flared at me, and it would have been justified, and we would have had a really ugly argument. Instead, I managed to cut my losses, he apologized too for over reacting and we had a nice moment.

There are some strong parallels between this, my poker losses, and my bad habits like sleeping late- in all elements it feels like I'm not entirely in control, and yet, somehow, I am... it's convoluted business. The question is- how do I learn from how I stopped myself from something, and how do I translate that across domains- how do I use that insight (which I am not yet fully aware of) and exploit it to modify my behaviour in a way that I deem best for myself?

I will first have to explore the nature of the insight itself- how did I stop? Why did I stop? My feeble explanation is- it's something that I've thought about many times, and I agreed entirely that I was in the wrong, and I was tired of all the times where we got embroiled in nasty stuff afterwards- so it was a mix of awareness and life experience I guess... so maybe there is no magic bullet solution- I just need to keep thinking about it, and play more hands and reflect about it, keep writing about sleeping late, and sleep earlier and write about that too, and maybe hope that the desire path will form inside my head without me forcing it. Because that's what a desire path is about, isn't it? It's out of our control. And when we understand that, we can sort of control it... without controlling it. Hmm.

Heh, 1330 words. And I thought I had nothing. Almost tempted to start again. But past experience at 3-in-a-row-vomits tells me i should just go for the damn run now. Diminishing marginal returns and all. (That said, I never actually attempted 3 in a row the way I just did- I would get distracted on Facebook etc in between, each time.)

FUCK it's run time! Bye

Anyway things on my mind- I've been wanting to re-do my entire blog. Well I've been saying that I've been wanting to do that for a long, long time but it's such a "large" undertaking that I don't know where to begin and I have all these grand visions and ideas and in the end I end up doing nothing. So I decided I'm going to start with what I feel like doing for fun, which is- I feel like adding TL;DR summaries to every single post, and curate them in a sort of table of contents kinda way. That way I will revisit each and every single blog post in existence, and figure out what's good and what's not so good. I'd like to summarize all of the thoughts and perspectives that I've explored over the years into a few neat lines- I sort of have a little bit of fetish for doing that, summarizing and resummarizing things... I know that's how you learn, even though I never really did it completely well in school, I've found myself doodling it about things I care about... complex systems and all that jazz.

I've been reading quite a bit- not as much as I want to, but more than I've been reading in a while- I completed Nassim Taleb's Antifragile, and while that fella meanders and pontificates a lot, his ideas are interesting, powerful, valid and thought-provoking. It's a challenging read not because he uses big words or complex ideas, but because his simple questions and ideas require you to reconfigure existing paradigms in your head.

What's the opposite of fragile? We usually think resilient or robust, but that's like saying the opposite of 10 is 0- when it's really -10. Fragile things are damaged by volatility. Robust things are not. Certain things are anti-fragile, which means they are IMPROVED by volatility. Such things do exist- immediate thoughts include muscle strength, the human brain, ecosystems, gene pools, scientific discoveries and art...

I wish I could summarize it better, a bad summary is always a sign that you didn't entirely understand what you just read- you have to be able to communicate it to others, and really while I feel like I witnessed his epiphanies I don't quite live and breathe them. I will re-read and get back to you, maybe express smaller ideas at a time.

I've also been reading Lee Kuan Yew's Hard Truths and Robert Greene's Mastery- the latter for stories about hard working successful people that I can learn from, and the former just to get some insights into the grand old dame that has built our nation.

I am frustrated with my environment. I don't have an entirely comfortable workspace- I share one with my mum, and my house is just a noisy and difficult place to do work in. I hate my room and my bed- I keep getting bed bugs every so often even though I kill them all and I threw out my last bed and those bastards are really just spirit-draining and soul-crushing because they don't let you sleep, and they give you terrible quality of sleep, and even when they're not around they colonize your mind and they come back again and again and you just can't rest. I can't wait to get out of here, seriously.

Err what else is on my mind. I haven't been purposely exercising but I've been doing some cleaning and moving and chores and my body is sore in that awesoem beautiful way you get when you hit the gym... and Taleb mentioned this too- why bother going to the gym, you know, when you can take the stairs more often, take longer walks, lift heavy things when given the opportunity? I thought about this when I was helping my dad out at work too, throwing garbage- it felt like a good workout, a very "real world" workout... I'm actually thinking it makes more sense to work part time with a mover's, for instance, than to go to the gym- you get paid money for it and you do work that actually contributes to something. But I suppose that's just one perspective and mayebe there are movers who hit the gym too because of reasons I cannot completely intuit.

This word vomit has been a tiny bit tedious to write. I can feel my mind being a little slow and cluttered. That's okay. I'm going to shower in a while and then I will do something else. I need to send a letter to an accountant for a parent. This city is bound to do us in, is a nice lyric from a song by The Break And Repair Method- drummer from Matchbox 20. I'm done.
I haven't been doing my word vomits lately and I'm really sorry about that- but at the same time I should realize that I shouldn't let it get me down, that falls-off-the-wagon are normal and I should just get right back on this bitch. I started out thinking I was going to recompensate for it by doing 3, 4 maybe even 5 vomits a day- but now that doesn't seem very doable, or even if it were doable, it's way too intimidating and it ceases to sound fun- it starts to sound like work. What I should do instead, when I fall off the wagon, is to just get right back on, without any consideration about additional recompensation. Just get the habit rolling again. You can do more when you're ready, you can strike more when the iron is a little hotter. For now, just get back on track. That's all that matters.

There has been a lot going on in my life lately that I wish I could talk about more freely, but I can't because it involves other people's lives and I can't afford to play around with that. Which is a shame, because I think it might be the source of my most honest, sincere and powerful writing yet.

But then I flip it on its head- why don't I just write about it anyway, for myself? And then I realize that I have gotten so used to the idea of writing for an audience of some sort- even in the early days of my blog- that I have forgotten what it is like to write entirely for myself. I hardly ever do that- I only ever seem to do that with pen and paper, when I am alone. I used to do it during my Signals course and I thought that was a pleasant headspace to be in. So I should probably do that.

I have my ambitions and I have articles to write for Poached and I haven't really been answering questions on Quora, either. At the same time I really need to put my resume together and get a job. I think my absolute first priority is to go through my entire blog- I've already started, and I'm going to go all the way through. It's really kind of hard to explain WHY I'm doing this but it's just something I have to do. In my personal life I also have got to sort out all my books and posessions. I did a massive warddrobe declutter, and it's amusing and scary how you can lose so much and still feel like it's not as lean as it ought to be. How you can throw so much out of your spaces and still realize that there's clutter left underneath the clutter. I think we should all live minimalist lives. Oh god I have so much clutter everywhere.

But again, baby steps in all things. You can't survive multiple major operations, but you're more likely to get fit through healthy diet and exercise, through a slowly built habit, progressively. I ran out of cigarettes yesterday, and I'm going to put off buying a new pack for as long as I can.

I also need a job. I'm going to be trying for SIA Cabin Crew- the interview is on Jan 26th. I really hope I pass the test and get selected, because it would be all kinds of awesome for me. I would be able to read and write like crazy, and see the world, and meet friends living overseas, and it would just be superfantastic. I hope really really hard that it works out. I'm going to do my research about how it works and make sure I'm the most well-informed sonofabitch who shows up there.

The floor and the walls are bare. They sit on a second hand sofa- minimalist, L-shaped, the cushion covers have been sent for dry cleaning. The inner casings are fragile, and the cotton is exposed in some places. A plastic bottle (H20 blackcurrant) is sawed open with a pair of scissors, serving as a de facto ashtray for the cigarettes they would smoke. So many cigarettes. The house is on the 10th floor, the wind is wonderfully brisk and you don't need fans in a house like that.

The bookshelf is slowly populated. Plastic bags are on the floor, loosely filled with yesterday's clothes and tomorrow's hopes. Music plays from a pair of cheap speakers, plugged into the corner electrical socket. McDelivery breakfast. The fridge gets delivered, the electrical mains get replaced. The neighbours- a malay family with a matriarch and lots of kids- are friendly and kind.

The floor is cold. They have nothing, nothing, nothing but smiles and comfort and the realization that yes, now we can be together alone, here we are safe, here we are free. In these walls we are free from parents asking questions and siblings causing a mess and from questions.

They tear up an old towel to wipe their feet. The windows are cleaned with gusto. There is no heating, no hot water, showers will have to be improvised with taps and pipes. They will have to do. It is a blessing. The cold is a pleasant shock.

The fridge is not turned on. Electricity is expensive, and they have nothing that needs refrigeration  anyway.

The books pile up, beautifully. Only the favourites and the best get to make the long trip over, and they are arranged lovingly, by colour because it pleases her (and admittedly, him, too.)

It is freezing at night. Who knew Singapore could be so cold? There is no furniture to trap heat. They hold each other to keep warm. First they sleep on the floor, and then they get a $25 mattress from the neighbourhood provision store.

The first acquisitions are delightfully mundane. A bucket and a mop, to clean the floor with. Window cleaner. They ask their neighbours for newspapers, and are earnestly gifted a large bundle.

You can see the military airbase from the kitchen. The sun sets on it every day.

They explore their surroundings. Everything they could possibly need is either downstairs, or within walking distance. There's really good prata nearby- and prata is rarely good enough to be worth mentioning, but this one is. The neighbourhood feels slower and more peaceful. There are few cats. The MRT still uses the old gantries (but the new ones have arrived, packed and wrapped.)

Soon there will be bills and tenants and the inevitable creeping of clutter.

They sit in an empty house, but they have each other and their dreams and that is enough. Maybe this is growing up, they think, when the cold bites at your toes but you smile because this time you are free, this time you are alive, and if only we could share it with the world, or if only we could bottle it up and take a good deep whiff every single day because surely this won't last forever.

They play slow songs. They sit in near silence. It rains every day. It rains long and hard, almost as if to wash away the world outside the walls, outside of the space that they have claimed for themselves, theirs and theirs alone.

There will be struggles, there will be pain and there will be questions. Questions of careers, of meaning, questions asking- what do we do next, where do we go from here? There are mundane questions- we will need furniture, we will need a proper shower instead of using what must be an awfully old rubber pipe.

How do we ensure our own survival? How do we plan to put food on the table, to keep this roof over our heads? Can we create a safe and meaningful space for friends and loved ones, a space that is a haven, away from this crazy chaotic world we live in? Who will we have to become, what will we gain, what will we lose?

They say when you find the person that you want to spend the rest of your life with, you can't wait for the rest of your life to begin. Well, the rest of our lives are here, every second, every moment.

They may be alone and the walls may be bare but they have each other, and in that, despite the pains and struggles, perhaps they are richer and more fortunate than most others, and perhaps for that they should be thankful, they should be grateful, and in the eloquence of silence, their thoughts begin to blend, everything and nothing become one and the same, and a wave of contentment washes over them.

Life is short and harsh but if you have someone to spend it with, someone who you are willing to argue with, suffer with, to annoy, and to bear it with, what more do you ever really need?

Dreams, dreams, dreams. They will be more than they imagine, and perhaps less, too. She sings and he writes and the world passes them by, and perhaps this time it's totally okay. What is the world, anyway, but for what we perceive of it, and while there's a world out there waiting to be explored, there's also a world right here to be built together, a world of our own.

What more do you ever really need? Comfort and solace and quiet bliss.

Sleeping habits haven't been great, but I have been keeping myself fit- I hit the gym a few days ago and it was great, and I feel like I'm strong and clear. I did two articles for Poached last night, so I no longer have that nagging sense of backlog.

Wow, I hate that nagging sense of backlog. It brings me back to unpleasant memories of school days, where you have a whole bunch of homework that you haven't done, and you don't do the new homework that you get, either, and it just becomes this whirlpool of quicksand. A total mess. And I claim to be good at crisis management. What a crock of shit, Visa. Learn and do better.

I've always wanted to get tattoos, but I've also always been delaying it because I want to be absolutely sure of what I wanted. For a period of time I was thinking of getting "think" and "transcend" on my wrists because I liked the alliteration and I thought it was a nice reminder, but I also thought I might be able to do better. (Also, 'think' is a bit of a redundant directive for me because I think all the time.)

As I was writing my Poached article and thinking about a whole bunch of other stuff that's been on my mind (perhaps for years), it sort of came together- I may have expressed this before, but I'm not sure if I've been so explicit about it- or if I have, well, here's some repetition for emphasis' sake:

the two things I want above all, for myself and for my loved ones and for my nation and for the world, are thoughtfulness and compassion. I think they overlap significantly- and they also overlap with kindness and love. Of the four terms, thoughtfulness and compassion are the ones that resonate the most with me- it's hard to say or use "love" as a directive because it's such a loaded and complex term- it has so much baggage, there are so many interpretations. If I tattooed "love" on my wrist (heh, to write love on my arms), I can see myself taking it for granted. It's just not the best word to use. What do you mean, love? Go and love, be loving, love yourself, love others. It seems a bit pompous and new-agey, even if it's completely valid.

Kindness is great but I personally find it seeming and sounding a little too... soft? I know, kindness doesn't have to be soft at all. Sometimes the kindest thing you can do is to be harsh, to be firm. Kindness and love are both valuable and important ideas to keep on the mind's backburner at all times, and we should regularly take them out and play with them and make better sense of them.

But I return to thoughtfulness and compassion. I like thoughtfulness because there's that idea of thinking, which I have such a strong personal affinity with that I find it redundant to say. "THINK". That directive is embedded in me, I simply can't help but think about things. But being thoughtful, that's something I can work on. I'm not always thoughtful all the time, and I would like to be. I'm not always compassionate all the time, but I would like to be.

I had this discussion with a couple of friends over breakfast- this idea of how principles are greater than men, they become guiding beacons that keep us focused on the goal(s) at the horizon. Men err and falter, principles can't, not really. We use principles as guiding paths. Principles are ideals, almost mathematical in their elegance, despite being very complex and varying from point to point.

Consider principles like "freedom", and think about how you have to sacrifice some freedoms to attain greater freedom- there's no such thing as absolute or pure freedom, but meditating on that principle allows us to make better decisions for ourselves, I think.

Ultimately that's what life's about, isn't it, as a sentient being? We can't choose the first set of cards we are dealt, but we can choose how we play the hand. So the question of life is- how do you play the hand? How do you figure out how to play the hand? What's the best possible way to play a hand, and how much time should you spend thinking about how to play, instead of actually playing? You should play, take some notes, learn, play better... all of life is a lesson in love, in kindness- and I suppose thoughtfulness is the way through which we reach love and kindness.

It's so hard to talk about this in words, discussing these concepts and ideas as though they are static. These are things that we have to communicate with our bones. But that's my vision for myself which I would like to be held accountable to- thoughtfulness and compassion. When I die I'd like to be remembered as a thoughtful and compassionate man. I do many things that are incongruent with these ideals- I say and do thoughtless things, sometimes I shame and harm other people, because I might have thought it fun in the short run, or I might have been anxious or weak or- well- human.

I suppose it's just one of those mini-epiphanies that's hard to communicate to others but something swelled up in my mind when I was thinking about these things. Thoughtfulness is something relatively tangible and worth fighting for. The more thoughtful people we have, the more thoughtful actions we have, the more everybody benefits, we have a more beautiful, loving world.

So thoughtfulness would be the banner that I rally under. Thoughtfulness almost naturally leads to compassion, I think, and compassion is the source of love and kindness. So we should be compassionate, we become it by being thoughtful, and thoughtfulness is a choice.
Shikidrabababa.
Again, I create this condition where I count on an ideal situation to manifest itself before I can write. That's not how it works. You have to write no matter what. That's the deal.

I got employed. I got headhunted by a tech startup, and today was my first day of work. I enjoyed it very much. I haven't completely dived into the deep end yet, but I love what I see. I think the startup working environment is near-ideal for me. I almost didn't want to go home at the end of the day, because I was working on something that I found interesting. I actually found myself wanting to stay, to finish what I was doing. If I didn't have other things to worry about, I'd probably have ended up staying there until midnight, and find myself stranded with no way home except an expensive cab ride home.

But that kind of excites me. I think that's a good thing, it's wonderful to be in a situation where you love your work so much that you can lose yourself in it. Of course, one should always take pains to ensure that she doesn't sacrifice her life for her work. Well, unless the work is more important than her life. There may be situations like that. But I don't think that's the position I'm in. I think that it's much easier to hold yourself in check while in the midst of something you love- as opposed to trying to get interested and excited about things you don't really care too much about.

She described to me today her frustration and general mental exhaustion from dealing with her current working arrangement. It reminds me of my experience as a storeman and general-purpose pinball during national service. Now that I have had some time to reflect on my experiences, I realize that Basic Training (which I uniquely only got to do towards the end of my military service) was the most meaningful and enjoyable part of my entire NS experience. Yes, I had less free time, but there was something about it- being a part of a unit, having a schedule to follow (and making it), getting things done together, knowing in advance what needs to be done- it was physically tiring but it was a beautiful experience.

In contrast, being a storeman-in-limbo was mentally exhausting. I'm not saying that being a storeman itself is exhausting- what was exhausting about my unique circumstances is that it was never clear how long I was going to be staying in any particular position for any period of time. While I was with the Commandos, I couldn't fully invest in my experience because I knew I would have to leave sooner or later- I just didn't know when. Same thing happened over and over again as I got posted around. I couldn't set roots in any particular unit (though I still have a soft spot for my very first HQ CDO family).

I feel for military brats and other kids that have to travel regularly/endlessly, never being able to take root anywhere. (Though I suppose if you're travelling around with the same people, you'll at least be able to take comfort in your relationships with them- in my case I was being bounced around a large organization and my teammates and superiors would change every time. I learnt to detach myself from my experiences.

I enjoyed all the little interactions I had with all the men (and women) I encountered with over the years- I've been reading Jane Jacobs and she describes how, when a street kid gets disciplined or scolded by a public figure (like the owner of a shop), not only does he learn to avoid trouble, he learns that there are people out there who care about what happens to him. And this is a sort of social, public education that you can't pay people to give- because it's the concern or interest of people who AREN'T being paid to take care of you- that creates the intended educational effect.

Similarly, my NS experiences taught me that most of us are quite alright, we all have the same hopes and dreams and fears...

I didn't finish this, I had to go away halfway. But This will make it cross 1,000, and I got to keep going. Keep going.
I've been busy lately. I got employed, I got a new home, I've been moving, adapting, learning. I have been a little overwhelmed and I haven't made a lot of time or space for myself. On top of that, whenever I do have any time I tend to get a little perfectionist and think "really big picture" and this ends up paralysing me from doing what I need to do. So this is me bringing things back down to earth, going back to fundamentals- starting with my word vomits, writing every day.

On hindsight- committing to writing 2,000 words a day is ambitious and a little bit overwhelming. The target remains unchanged- the word vomit project will continue until I have at least 1,000 pieces of 1,000 words each, which will give me a total of 1,000,000 words- which is a nice number and just kind of cool to think about, big data-wise. It adds a level of measurability to the equation. (I'm not going to let myself fall into the trap of thinking that this is all that matters, of course).

There are a few other sources of value in my life that I ought to talk about- value to my writing. One is Facebook interactions. I've been semi-intentionally posting on popular threads like SAF Confessions and SMRT (Ltd) and it's interesting to trial and error to figure out what works best.

A while ago Oliver Emberton on Quora described how, upon getting an answer that got lots of upvotes, he was determined to game the system- to figure out how it worked, to figure out the fundamental principles of interaction (fantastic TEDtalk)- and I was so bloody jealous, here's a guy who came into the game later than me, but with determination and clarity he has risen meteorically within the community. Oliver's blog is abetterlife.quora.com- it's really good and everybody should read it. The best self-help/lifehack stuff I've seen.

But I shouldn't get selfish or snarky. I should be happy for Oliver (and I am), and I should learn from him. And apply his principles. There's no shame in collaboration, in learning from others. We should be happy when others are successful because it's not a zero sum game.

So I suppose I've been kind of trying to do what Oliver did on Quora, in my own way, in Singaporean online networks- I'm trying to raise my profile, trying to get noticed. This can never be an overly formalized or mechanical process- you have to really enjoy it, really mean it. I do enjoy writing witty things on the internet. I do, and that's part of why I think I'll eventually build a huge following and get really good at it. That's part of the plan. That's not the end goal, though, the end goal is to use all of that attention and direct it towards things that deserve more attention. A better life, a sweeter marketplace, a more beautiful world of thoughtfulness and compassion. That's always the end goal, and I should never lose sight of that.

I have so much to do. I have so much to be grateful for, too. I've been writing more for Poached Magazine and I do think it's safe to say that we've been building our presence, building our brand. Getting Sam on board was a fantastic idea. Vannessa and Miranda are wonderful people to work with. I really look forward to getting more involved with everybody, discussing our strategy and philosophy for growth and expansion and cultural relevance. We have something good going and we could use it for good, too. That's the goal. It points towards the end goal.

I said I got employed, I got a day job- I'm the blog and social media guy at ReferralCandy. I haven't really sunk my teeth into it as much as I would like- there's been a bit of a learning curve for me to make sense of the industry that I just jumped into. The tech startup world is fascinating, challenging and exciting- and it's a perfect corollary to me wanting to be a writer.

Somehow everything has finally fallen right into place- I have a job doing what I love, I know the value that I contribute to the world and I know why I am paid, and I intend to develop myself and my company into something that more-than justifies that sort of money. I genuinely intend to use my position as the blogger of a tech startup to contribute towards a more beautiful marketplace for all. I really care about that. It's a subset of my ultimate life goal. I also want to learn as much as I possibly can about programming and about the nature of startups and I think in the long run I'd like to help nurture and build these fantastic things. I've got a foot in the door and I refuse to waste it. I am so, so lucky.

Reaching the end of this particular vomit. I realize that committing to writing 2,000 words a day is scary. What I should commit to instead is to writing a single line. A single line, that's it. I can always write a single line. That's easy, that's simple, that's effortless. Once I start, I may choose to continue. I usually do. I almost always do. I can pretty much guarantee it.

So word vomits will be my attempt to do 1,000 sets of 1,000 words, but the commitment is to do at least a line, twice a day. How long will it take? I do not know yet. But I believe this will get me done faster than setting that arbitrary deadline. I hope to apply this "just start, start small, baby steps" mindset to my personal and professional lives, too. We'll see how it goes.

The main question that's been on my mind for a few years really- apart from things like "how am I going to put food on the table"- is "what is the greatest good I can do in this world?" Which is a slightly glorified way of asking "what should I do with my life", once you've accepted that the answer to that is "serve others". So I'm really asking- how can I BEST serve others? I'm not looking for what feels best, I'm looking for what IS best.

I used to volunteer at prisons and it was remarkably fulfilling and soul-enriching. I went in there naively thinking I was gonna help them, 'heal' them- but really, they healed me- of aches and ailments I didn't even know I had.

But would that have been the best use of my time? I don't think that's very likely. There's a small chance that someone I helped might go on to play a role in something amazing but that doesn't seem very likely. I don't mean to put those guys down- just that there are surely other things to do, other ways I can reach out to people who would then be in a prime positron  to reach out to others in turn. Teachers do that I suppose. Every amazing teacher I've had deserves credit for any success I might ever be blessed with. So do the authors who've written books that inspire me. And what of the teachers that taught mine, and the inspirations of those whom inspired me in turn? Surely they deserve credit too. You quickly see how credit attribution is continuous rather than discrete. Everybody and nobody deserves credit for everything and nothing, in varying degrees.

That's fine and all but how does that help me make a decision? I suppose I have to do what sets me on fire- better to be really really good at something good than be mediocre at something great.

I think it was Alain De botton who said that despair is often a matter of low blood sugar or something like that. I strongly related to that yesterday- it was a Sunday and I just felt so TIRED. I stayed having really negative thoughts. I started feeling angry, cheated, frustrated, shortchanged. I wanted time and space to myself, I wanted to relax, to unwind. But that wasn't an option because there was work to be done, cleaning, grocery shipping to do. When does a guy just get to sit on his ass and zone out for a day?

And then inside my head I started being really unfair to her- was she saving all this stuff for me, didn't she know how tired I must be from working- yeah I love my job but it's still rough it's still tough... and then I felt guilty because she was in that position so many times before and I was always the one bumming- and even then I'd rationalize that I was working on something important... times like these you call out to what some people call god and you ask- why am I like that? Why can't I be a better person?

Time management is so so so important. Why is this a lesson that only begins to reveal its value when you're in a position like this? Like learning the importance of swimming lessons only when you strangely find yourself in the deep end. At least it's not like I'm dying of cancer or something. Well not as far as I know at least. But it hits me anyway. Nobody could have possibly told me that one day I world have the opportunity to pursue my dreams but I'd insult it because I'd stuck at time management. It's sad, sobering, humbling. I suppose there's no point asking why- or I'd be like the man who, being shot with a poisoned arrow, is frustrated and wants to know who shot him- instead of attempting to remedy the problem.

So I have a very real issue here that needs fixing. A part of me acknowledges this. The problem might be that the other part of me has much more practice and traction in gaining consensus in the swarm that is my mind. It uses cheaper tactics and appeals to base impulses. Interestingly there are parallels between this conflict and the one I perceive to be happening at a global scale. There's a certain fractallian  here- the battle amongst men modelling after the battle within men and vice versa. Perhaps that's why large epics are so compelling- not just because they're epic with lots of power and majesty but because the battle for good and evil cuts through every man.

So here's something exciting to contemplate, and it's a matter of framing- I don't have to become an international figure to confront demons- I can confront those within me. If the recursion is real- and I have faith that this is so because of the beautiful order of our universe- then conquering my own demons would be my first and most decisive step in confronting what I perceive as a global blight within humanity. Da vinci said we can have no dominion greater or lesser than over ourselves- and I feel like I understand that a little better now.

Going back to the feeling of despair- I managed to wash it away with a cold shower, some slightly meditative thinking and a reminder within myself to be grateful. I asked for the life I'm living, and I'm living it. Few in the world get such a luxury. I was overjoyed to be in such a position and that joy should not be diminished when the going gets tough.

When you can't do anything else you should just generate content and lay out everything in your head in front of you,  in words. At least,  that's how I work. My mind has had lots of practice reading and writing and this may be what is best for me. Your mileage may vary.

My new favorite concept is refactoring. I first encountered it on venkatesh rao's blog but I wasnt sure of what our meant specifically. I got the sense that it meant re-focused in some sense- which isn't entirely wrong. It's simply (and not so simply) the act of cutting the fat from something so that it becomes more refined, superior in its ability to achieve its intended purpose. I find this to be fundamental to art and expression, though it's technically based in programming. It's about elegance.
So I've been meaning to refactor my blog, my life. To get more value out of what I already have, simply by shaking it up and trying new arrangements. New systems.  New alignments. New ways of doing and being.
My other favourite concept is the desire path.
I believe I've spoken about this before.

I haven't done a word vomit in a long long time so I let me get right to it and try to go through everything as fast as I can. I think some of the stress and neurosis I've been feeling has been from hiding certain things. Let me come out and say them.
I got married in December last year to my childhood sweetheart. It was a small,  simple affair- we got registered at Wheels and Weiners, which is a lovely little rock and roll diner at perak road, near sim lim Square and la selle. We did it primarily to buy a HDB flat, which we did- we got the keys in january.

I got employed by an awesome startup called ReferralCandy, the whole story is here. It's absolutely awesome and I can't imagine having a better job. I often feel like I don't deserve it- like an imposter really- but I'm determined to grow into the person my founder believes I can be. When I look back on my life in a while, I believe that this job and this working environment are going to be a hugely significant element of my personal development.

We got a cat. We call her Sierra. I was never really big on animals, but my wife has wanted a cat since she was a child and this particular cat called out to me in some way. She followed us home twice so we took her in. It's been an interesting learning experience doing research and asking fellow humans for advice.

She has a mind of her own and, for a period of time, was very eager to jump onto the ledge outside our window. We found ourselves grappling with parent-like dilemmas- we want her to be happy and free,  and we don't want to limit her freedom, but we don't want her to fall to her death either. She was pretty upset about it for a while but now seems pretty content to be a house cat as long as we feed her and clean her litter.

It's a strange, humbling experience for me to have so much insight into another creature's toilet habits, output volume, etc. I think it's been good for me. She can get annoyingly noisy sometimes, but she can also be adorably affectionate.
It occurs to me that single children (or youngest children, like myself) who've never had pets may find parenthood startling. Being responsible for a pet feels like middle ground. We're not planning to have kids but I can see how they might enrich your life. They give you new eyes.

We got to responsibility. I am an irresponsible person. Prior to now, I have never been a responsible person. I never learned. I never cared. I was never entrusted with anything important, and I was always forgiven for my indiscretions.

I'm not sure how best to talk about it. I don't want to point fingers and blame the world for who I am today- though we all know that does play a significant part. I don't want to be  fatalistic or pessimistic. I believe that I am capable of change, that I can act on myself. I have projects in my life now that I care about deeply, and my own Incompetence and irresponsibility is holding me back. This simply will not do. This is a demon that must be slain.

Let's continue where I left off. I believe that the solution lies at least partially in meditation. I dont mean that to specifically refer to any particular practice or doctrine. I just mean that in a general principle sort of way. It's like saying that you need to study- that doesn't mean you need to go to a school,  but it's also entirely possible for you to achieve that state in a school. So you shouldn't write school off entirely- it could work for some people.

As I was writing this it occurred to me that you could learn math best by pursuing physics- and you could learn meditation (in the sense that I describe it- practiced focus) by running, or lifting weights, or writing. I think writing might be my salvation. So I just need to write more.

Is it a habit? It's almost a way of being. I chatted with my boss about it and he pointed out that I ought to be really pissed off that I'm being held back by the most trivial of things- the simplest of things.

So I need to learn and practice the art of focus. I need to stop allowing my mind to wander off on tangents when I need it to stick to the matter at hand.

It's incredibly frustrating for me because it makes me realise that I've been limiting myself my whole life. I make these grand overtures about wanting to change the world, but how can I do that if I can't even change myself? What right do I have to tell the world or should change? The most I can do is to be the change I want to see.

These days I can't help but feel like I'm in disneyland, but with lead in my shoes. The only thing holding me back is me. And in this realm there is no compromise, no draws, you win or you lose. Delaying the point of confrontation is a losing preposition.

The number one problem in my life right now- and it's a really old problem, possibly the oldest- is my inability to focus. My lack of personal responsibility and discipline. This has been a source of pain, fear, anxiety and stress in my life for way too long- ever since I was in primary school. It's very deep rooted- I often have dreams in which guilt is the dominant emotion- I did something I wasn't supposed to do, or I didn't do something that I was. This had been a huge problem for me and it has crippled and limited me for a ridiculously long time.

A part of me used to rationalize that it's not worth doing anything if you can anticipate the outcome. There's no point going into the lift and pressing all the buttons just so you can experience what that might feel like. That's boring. You can infer what that experience might be like. All you need is a little imagination.
But I realize that I started using this to rationalize inaction and inability in things far more complex than lift-button pressing. I started thinking- if you study hard you'll get good grades, and you can kinda imagine what that's like- so studies are boring and not worth your time.

That made sense before, but it has a fundamental flaw- it gives too much credit to the imagination. It assumes that all you see- and all you can imagine- is all there is. That's the fatal flaw. Because I don't know what I don't know. While I can infer something about the experience of going up the elevator, I can't infer very much about the view from the top while I'm still on the ground.
That's the mistake I made. I threw the baby out with the bathwater. I experienced cognitive dissonance as follows:

As a member of the human species, I am "above average". I am literate, educated, I can make sense of things that some other people struggle with. I seem to be in a good place- it's tolerable, comfortable. I am in reasonably good health. I have a great command of the English language. I have good friends, god conversations. I have a blog that people read and share. I'm a public figure, you know. Invited to meet the PM at the Istana. Quora Top Writer. Big fuck lah.

At the same time- I am irresponsible. Incompetent. Irresponsible. I have been a huge source of frustration for all my teachers and workmates over the years. I never did my homework. Confession time- you know that asshole in school who was never contactable and never did his share of the work? That was me. The only reason I still have friends might be because... I try to be nice to people, and the quality of my last minute work isn't too bad. I think it was Neil Gaiman who said you only need 2 out of 3- be nice, be punctual, be good. I'm reasonably nice and almost always late. Good is debatable.

And you know what, I'm fucking tired of this shit. I'm tired of having to apologize for the fucked up saboteur in my head.
Almost every single teacher I've had has scolded me or thrown me out of class. A maths teacher ripped my sheets in half. My favourite English teacher yelled at me so loud, the fellas 3 classrooms away heard it. I've been reprimanded and sent for detention and made to write lines.

I might be colouring this with rose-tinted glasses but I think I was always civil about it. I was always sorry that I had spoilt my teacher's mood- but being sorry was not enough for me to change my behaviour.

In primary 4 and 5, my classmates carried me on most team projects. I'd do the final writing. I'd go for tuition and not do my homework at all- I went to a pretty expensive place and my parents were essentially paying me to socialize. (On hindsight, still worth it- I made great friends). I fabricated survey results. I would go uncontactable. I had a DandT project in sec 2 that I contributed almost nothing to. My groupmate was really, really pissed off. I skived. I once skived from an IT club competition- some quiz- and pretended to be my own sister to say I wasn't home. That might've been my all time low.

Time and time again my life is littered with instances where I'm diminished to a pathetic, grovelling wisp of a person. When I was a student councillor in JC, I shirked my duties and spent all my time sleeping. Even as a musician- something I was passionate about- I'd often turn up to gigs unrehearsed, unprepared.

I have been a minnow of a man, whose word has been worthless.

It has to stop. I can't go on living a life that is characterized by the overdue.

A friend asked me- what intrinsic weaknesses do you have and what did you do to overcome them? I haven't overcome them. But the answer seems to be... baby steps.

(Of course, that's just part of the solution.)

That got me thinking. What's MY lifelong dream? As a really young kid as I was enamored with space. I had a set of Charlie Brown's 'Cyclopedia- it had about 15 books in it with nice pictures and beautiful text. (I think those books helped to inform my fundamental design principles quite a bit.)

I loved the Internet and I loved video games. I also enjoyed playing around with html: I saw it as means to an end, allowing me to create my own website in this collection of websites on the internet. I spent a lot of time accumulating images of video game characters. I'd print out entire game FAQs. I set out to write some myself- I wrote 2. Google "The 0rochi Slayer" to see the ridiculous amount of effort I put into that. (What I didnt know then was that nobody really cares about perfect character alignment- I didn't flip the highest order bit- but I learned a lot and I had fun. )

My favourite sites on the internet might've been IncREDible Alert and sc3ku- websites that were guides to video games I enjoyed playing. I enjoyed the sandbox nature of simcity, and GTA. I loved exploring these realms and building something. I used to read certain books over and over. I'd read about egyptian civilization and how pyramids were built and how earthquakes and volcanos worked.

My persistence with video games was always something remarkable. I'd do the same thing over and over. I'd play the first act of Darkstone over and over, dying badly. I did not grasp the proper way to pay. Same for GTA2. Same for simcity. I got really good at metak slug x and streets of rage- but in both cases I'm not at the top achievable standard.

That's the kicker isn't it- I get good but never amazing, not yet. I'd play a flight simulator without ever getting off the runway. I'd spend vast amounts of time terraforming a landscape to make it flaw free, then build toi many roads and lose money because of maintenance costs. I'd play championship manager and do massive amounts of pre-season prep, then quit and start over when I inevitably lost a match. I'd create multiple new characters on vagabonds quest and bring them through the same old dungeon. Same for netropolis (which I still think is a fantastic idea in principle- probably represented by Eve online).

I'd play all these games, read all the strategy guides, but remain stuck at some sort of plateau. Why? I think it's because a part of me enjoys the familiarity of it- it becomes a pleasant task cognitively, and there's a state of flow you get from doing the same thing over and over.

I think there  are some painful parallels between the way I play games and the way I live my life. I develop a certain affinity for discomfort avoidance. I remain stressed because I find the idea of committing to a stress reduction system too stressful. Why? I intellectually know that behind this little burst of stress is a reduced-strength existence. I know it intellectually. But I have never executed. Why?

To me it now seems clear that the problem is a lack of focus. Busting ruts requires focused persistence. It requires a certain activation energy. And we have somewhat limited energy.  And I spread myself too thin.(I talked to my boss about this, and this is what he said: This is something you can try that might help you gather up enough activation energy. Envision the event that is not being effected by your lack of focus. Imagine how the world will be changed by the effects of the causal event you're avoiding. If you feel strong enough emotions about what is being forsaken, that might work.)

I systematically underestimate my problems and I overestimate myself. I assume problems will be solved just my presence- which is necessary but insufficient. (Or to go mindful-meditation about it- my problems WILL be solved by my presence- but I'm rarely present.)
My presence is scattered. I'm everywhere but here or there. And I need to be here. I need to focus. I am here as I write this. It feels good. I have to stop seeking distractions to minimize discomfort- which I think is a practice I developed in school. (If this is true, then you shouldn't expect the process of correcting this to be quick, easy or painless. It might help to acknowledge that it'll be a difficult process and be prepared for it - by coming up with strategies for dealing with the times you stray. Maybe summarise all this into a sentence or two that you read each morning as a mantra to steady your mind. Or something else to that effect.)

Minimizing discomfort is not an optimal strategy- it's just the easy and convenient way out. But nobody ever got amazing at something just by minimizing discomfort. No. They maximize pleasure instead. The pleasure of learning. Of growing. Of contributing beyond the self.
Minimize discomfort by walking away from toxic people and toxic spaces, yes. But not through distractions. You already know what needs to be done but the challenge is gathering the resources (which are ALREADY THERE,  just scattered) and executing what is most important. Right now, for me, that means ending this here, eating breakfast and getting to work.

Vale. (Oh yeah I guess I didn't bother with space because I'm in Singapore, no clear path to being an astronaut. My subsequent dream was to build spaces, communities and resources online- and offline, eventually,  for people like myself. And when there's enough of us gathered we WILL go to space.)
Funny note- this word vomit ended at 992 words, so I'm just adding words to make up the numbers. There have been vomits in the past that crossed 1200, 1300 words. But I just want every single vomit to cross 1,000 words, even though it's a kind of silly metric. Something I'm learning is- sometimes kind-of-silly ideas can be helpful in execution. So heh. Now we're at 1050+.

We click on youtube links that have boobs on them, or titles like "banned advertisement" though we know it probably wasn't. We didn't have much choice in the matter. We get into arguments where we get more concerned with winning than with understanding each other. We're animals. We have the  circuitry.

Today was not a great day at work. My colleagues are amazing, wonderful people and I have a fantastic work environment. I just haven't fully learnt to work yet. And so I'm walking with cement in my shoes, in my Disneyland.
I need to learn the habit of practice and focus. I am repeating myself so thst this gets wired in my brain. My sleeping habits have improved. I no longer stay up all night for no reason. That's progress.

I started a fitness routine. 20 pushups and 20 jump squats every morning, and every night. Everytime I do this, I write it down on my kitchen wall. This has worked out well for me. This is proving to do good things to my mental well being.
Incorporating fitness into my routine has made me more free. The challenge is to keep incorporating new routines into my life that further improve my freedom. I know what I must do, I just need to do it.

Damn, this is a crowded train.
I understand that I need to make the most of the littlw moments. The stars will never all align perfectly. The lights will never all turn green. That's why I'm writing this on the commute home. I have to squeeze out whatever's in me at every opportunity I get.  need to surround myself with people that inspire and motivate me.

I need to get all these little niggling tasks out of the way. I'm passing a t-shirt to a guy- I've held onto it for months! I need to do a book review that I promised months ago, too. These thoughts perpetually weigh me down. I need to ship, ship, ship!
Tomorrow morning I should go to work early. When I get home tonight I'm going to do my fitness routine. Publish 1 and schedule 1. Get plastic bags from downstairs? I need to meditate regularly and I need a clearer roadmap.

I'm going to read another chapter of thinking fast and slow. A chapter a day, a word vomit, fitness routine. These were the dailies I determined for myself a long time ago. I ended up starting with fitness. Now I'm moving to vomits and reading. If I maintain this for a week I'll earn me some rewards.

Today at work I made tiny bits of progress on large tasks. This will not do. I need to implement strict pomodoro, for I am an animal that's not to be trusted.

When in doubt, meditate and refocus on your purpose. I think bookends will save me- routines that bookend my day. Because now I just have a routine of disorganized chaos and the value that comes out of that is a mere trickle.
Look to your fitness routine, visa. See how it is strengthening you. And apply it to other areas. We will rewire your brain for the better.

I just want to continue this so I can post it up- I'm really thinking about writing about some of my army memories, because I woke up early in the morning and was reminded of my early morning army memories. I'm really not sure anymore of what I should be doing, but was I ever, really?

When I first started out, I just blindly did whatever I felt ought to be done. I wrote about whatever I felt ought to be written about. As I progressed and got more public attention, the whole operation started to feel more "legitimate", so I started feeling like I ought to be putting some thought into what I'm writing. It makes sense, right? When people start looking at what you're doing, you should give them what they want to see or hear. We naturally have that tendency- we sit straighter and stand taller when we believe we're being observed.

But I think there's a certain crippling/chilling effect, too. I start thinking about what my audience needs, rather than what I personally feel like putting out. Sure, there's a balance between the two. But it can't begin from a place of "what does the audience need", because then I neglect what is bursting from my heart, from my mind. And if I'm not in the right mood, if I'm not in a situation where I'm enjoying what I'm writing, then the audience won't be feeling it either.

So this is ultimately why I'm doing what I'm doing- in this context, these word vomits- they aren't for you, they're for me- but me doing this for me will ultimately be good for you, too. That's what I believe. It may not be immediately apparent. But that's how I got here and I think that's how I'm going to be moving forward.

Heh, I just stopped to do a little bit of paragraphing because I was writing the entire thing in a single stretch of unreadable prose and I realized that I didn't close that parenthesis. Screw it, if it's left open, it's left open. I'm not going to die. You can complain if you want, I don't really care. Why should I care anyway, I have the luxury of doing whatever the hell I like with this space. Okay maybe there are repercussions and sub-optimal outcomes but I don't care, the words are flowing and they need to flow somewhere so I'll be damned. Let em go where they wanna go.

I just caught Iron Man 3 today and I quite enjoyed it, despite receiving warnings from a couple of my friends that it disappointed them. Well I enjoyed it anyway. I enjoyed the way they handled the villainy, and I also liked what seemed to me to be an effort to combat sexism. (Some might say it's a little transparent or forced, but screw it man, you have to give them points for trying.)

Decided to sneak a peek at the word count (it was hidden from the screen before). 730. Wow, not bad for a semi-single burst of energy. I've still got more in me, I can keep going. Who knew it were in there? I'm going to go to bed feeling even better than I did if I hadn't written this. See, I need to remember this feeling. I need to shift from thinking of this project as a burden and see it as a way of being, a way of exploration, a way of playing, of having fun. That's the only real way to win.

I can't wait to do more at work. I've been working on a blogpost that aggregates a list of all the companies in my block. It's not perfect but I think it's going to be pretty cool. Though I feel like I might have taken a little too long with it. But screw it, I'm going to get it out. Done is better than perfect. Move fast and break things. Simple principles to live by. I should never sit in front of a computer screen for more than 20, 30, 40 minutes at a go. I should take breaks and clear my mind, refocus. Now is the time. We need to build an army and we need to go to space. It'll be interesting, it'll be fun.

Wow, I'm really feeling so much better just from writing even without any clear purpose. And I would be at 44,000 at the end of it. 44,000 out of 1,000,000. And I swear I will get there. I have done that in video games before, I have seen that experience bar go up, and in those cases it was predictable, I knew what would happen, and I kept at it anyway. Well this time it's going to be a lot more exciting.

I've crossed the 1,000 limit but I want to quickly just talk about something me and my boss were talking about, which is the danger of local optimal points. What's that? It's when you settle for good instead of great. The good is the enemy of the great. There are all these caches and niches that are easy to fall into if you're not paying attention and you get all this positive energy and validation and it's easy to just stagnate there. I think this happens to the best of people, to some pretty fantastic minds.

It's very important to me that I don't fall into this trap (although I suspect I have drifted into its grasp many, many times and perhaps you could even say that I spent most of my life there.)

But the goal is commercial space travel and potentially Mars. I cannot rest until we get our collective asses there. That's a goal worth living for, that would live up to the sort of glory of say, what the founding fathers did. How cool would that be. Oh man. Okay I'm going to do pushups and squats, wash the dishes, take a shower and then maybe read a chapter of Thinking Fast And Slow, and then meditate and then go to bed. 1225 words. Goodnight

pause. My wife has been going through a bit of an identity/quarter-life crisis. She feels like she hasn't done very much in her life, that she's not particularly good at anything, and that she's some sort of failure. On this I disagree vehemently. She read a crazy amount of books as a kid. She's travelled all over the world despite being middle-class or lower-middle class in Singapore, entirely on her own merit, with her own savings. She's a wonderfully patient teacher. She's very articulate and she spots errors and problems and bullshit with incredible precision. Unfortunately for her, she hasn't learnt to sell herself, to put herself out there, how to be cheery, friendly, sociable. She's bad with appointments, she's bad with meeting people...

Anyway, yesterday we sat together and we analyzed her life. I remain convinced that she has massive, massive potential, and fantastic amounts of insight. She has a beautiful, beautiful mind that nobody gets to see. I'm not doing this to be romantic (I'm a thoroughly unromantic person), or to be "nice" (I don't believe in being "nice", and I often tend to mess up my relationships with close friends because I save my exceptionally harsh criticism for them.) She has an amazing ability to choose the most visceral, beautiful points.

Example: ("My father understood the importance of having neatly ironed pleats on a pinafore. I was angry when he returned from overseas. He'd sent me cat stickers while he was there. He was delighted when I failed to make the soccer team. I learnt a lot of my behaviours from him.") Those are just some of the thoughts on her mind. Aren't those beautiful thoughts? Don't you think she should be a writer? Or a songwriter? Or an artist? Or anybody doing anything at all? She has all these beautiful thoughts.

"My mother has amazing reserves of strength. She also has an amazing capacity for denial, and she's great at juggling money." Isn't that a fucking beautiful description? Wouldn't you want to read an entire book written by this fucking beautiful mind?! Fuck, her brain is goddamn beautiful. She cries telling me how she doesn't feel like she belongs anywhere, and my challenge is to help her see that this feeling is a burden and a privilege, it's the sort of thing that becomes your ultimate glory when you build a tribe of people who also don't belong, and then you all belong, together.

Anyway, I don't believe in being miserable and sad just because it seems like a beautiful romantic idea. Fuck that shit- being unhappy is lame, and we're going to fix this. So I did what I could: I set out to draw a map of her brain, the best way I know how- with questions and words. We talked in bed, and her heart was heavy- she's got this amazing recursive burden that's built up from thinking that she's not good enough, never going to amount to anything... she's simultaneously got a huge ego and zero self-esteem. (This is the curse of conditional self-esteem- when you've been taught to believe that you are what you accomplish/achieve. You're not.)

Anyway I tried what I could and I incorporated the principles and ideas I've picked up recently (mostly from my boss, who is a sick specimen of a human brain) and I tried to reduce things down to the simplest problem we've got to solve. She asks questions like "what do people think of me", and "am I a failure", and "i'm horrible at things" and "i'm sorry" (those are not questions, dear, and they're irrelevant)

here's what I got to, and it's the most beautiful heuristic I've seen yet: you've got to figure out what is the simplest and most immediate change you need to make, and what needs to be done to make that change. And then you make it. She asked things like how can I be amazing, how can I be successful, how can I be a good person, how can I be a better person... all of those are terrible questions. How do I find out what's meaningful? How do I find out what's good? How do I find out what I really care about in life? Those are terrible questions too, when you're not doing anything and you're stuck in a rut, in a limbo, in a pit.

The first question I got to was: how do we become more hardworking? I say we because we're a team, we're connected, we're tied together by choice and we threw away the key to the padlock so hell or high water we're going to have to learn to work together. There is no outcome where one of us becomes hardworking and successful and the other doesn't, it doesn't work that way. We influence each other in powerful ways and there is no equilibrium where we don't drag the other with us... to glory or to the gutter.

Then I thought hardworking is still a loaded term, it implies that it's something innate, something you don't have that you need to become, need to be, and it's almost self-defeating from the get-go because you start by thinking "i'm not hardworking, how do I become hardworking?" and it goes to "fuck it, I'm just not hardworking, I can't do this"

So the question, the sole challenge, the only challenge is- how do we get stuff done? She interrupts me and asks, there's this company that our investor was talking about, and they were doing this or that, do we help kids of rich parents, or do we seek out the kids of poor parents because they need the help the most... and I go STOP RIGHT THERE CRIMINAL SCUM (jk)- because the best thing you can do to help kids, whether rich kids or poor kids, is to get shit done. You start by getting shit done in your room. In your house. You work out. You get fit. You save money. You get shit done. You then inspire other people to get shit done, too. Then you work together with other shit-doers (who will naturally gravitate towards the shit you have done) and you can all do a whole lot of shit.

The returns on pondering philosophical questions is next to zero once you've been at it for a significant period of time, and you've explored a significant number of problems. You're not going to get any amazing insight that's going to change your life, a clearer map is not going to move you closer to the destination past a certain threshold- and you know what, I bet that if you're reading this, you probably don't need a clearer map, either. You need to take a single solitary step forward. Just that. That one step. Take it. And then take another. And another.

We woke up this morning and we cleaned the fuck out of the house. I cleaned the cat litter. I cleaned our windows, washed the dishes. She cleaned the bar. I'm writing a word vomit now while she does our finances. I'm going to do my daily pushups and squats (which I have been doing religiouly, and they're making a wonderful difference).

More to say, but this word vomit has crossed 1290 words and there are diminishing returns. I'm going to clean the mirror next to me, pushups, then something non-wordy, then do some stuff for Poached Mag and/or my blog or something. Will figure that out in the shower, or meditate. Kthx.

Fiction is about what it's like to be a fucking human being, said David Foster Wallace. The poor bastard was cursed with an intellect with more firepower than he could handle. You'd have to feel the flames to know of a terror worse than death he said, before he crushed his windpipe with a rope.

I don't know if I can write fiction but I think I have a vague sense of what it's like to be a fucking human being. (Source: I am human, as far as anybody can tell.)

The first thing you need to know about being human is that we are all animals. I don't mean that in a necessarily negative sense, and I don't know if I mean that in the "red in tooth and claw" sense. All I mean is that we're all little bags of chemicals running around a larger blob of chemicals that's orbiting a nuclear reactor (called the sun) at about 100,000 km/h.

At the time of this writing (shaky hand, ballpoint pen, foolscap paper, Tampines Bus Interchange, Singapore, 2013 AD, 10pm) there is no way of escaping this reality. Perhaps there will be, some day, but not in the foreseeable future.

We are made up of atoms that were birthed in the explosions of unstable stars that then scattered their enriched guts across the universe. (Neil Tyson's words, not mine.) These atoms obey rules to a high degree. I'm not saying that your life is predetermined or anything so dramatic; that would be pretense of knowledge. All I can say is that you're a fucking bag of chemicals (Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen). If you were doused in kerosene and set alight, you would combust and decompose into your constituent molecules.

Of course, we're also more than our atoms. Atoms don't sing and dance and cry and write and read articles on the internet. People do. The atoms play a role in those processes, but there are important emergent properties that cannot be explained at the atomic level alone.

I could have decomposed by the time you read this, maybe 500 years later- yet there is something remarkable happening, isn't there You hear my "voice". You interpret my thoughts. Long after the bag of chemicals that put these symbols together ceases to exist, these symbols (on paper, or pixels, or perhaps some more advanced means of transmitting information), can be meaningfully interpreted by other bags of chemicals. That's pretty magical. Some things may be lost in translation, since languages evolve over time, but you should be able to empathize to some degree, just as we are able to empathize with Shakespeare hundreds of years after he passed away. A story (a pattern) from 2000 BC can still evoke emotional responses in the brains of humans reading or hearing it 4,000 years later, bridging us across space and time.

More than atoms we are patterns, part of a vast cosmic dance that endures, persisting despite the death of individual dancers.

That wondrous, magical reality aside, we're still animals. A sexually attractive member of our species can still command our rapt attention. We enjoy praise and flattery- we are social creatures after all, evolved within social circumstances, an we respond to social cues. We are victims to all sorts of illusions, even when we're entirely aware of the existence of such illusions. We can study science and explain the behaviour of celestial bodies, yet we're unable to escape the recursive loop of social dynamics (even though we have a pretty decent understanding of those, too.) We are animals. I say this with honesty and respect for your intellect, and I want you to like me, and I want you to be true, and we are still animals.

Did you know that sea otters hold hands when sleeping so that they don't drift apart? So cute. They also rape baby seals to death. Isn't that adorable? Temple Grandin described how animals kill each other far more brutally than humans kill animals. (Humans are more, uh, humane. Sometimes.) It's the captivity part of animal-rearing that's messed up. That said, if animals could farm their prey, wouldn't they? (How human of me to assert that.)

The point is that animals aren't any better or worse than us, not really. We don't really have any meaningful way of comparing. "The more I know of men, the more I love dogs," someone famously said. But you can't divorce dogs from humans! Dogs are domesticated wolves, bred to be subservient, dependent and loyal to their pack leaders- humans. They've essentially been brainwashed as a species to be sweet and loving to us! Sure we love them more than we love each other- because they're harmless, they don't demand independence, they don't seek dominion over us because we've won. I'm not saying that it's good or bad to domesticate animals- it is what it is. Just that a lot of our rhetoric about humans and animals seems frightfully naive and oversimplistic, and that doesn't help us understand ourselves and our place in this vast uncaring universe (or at least, our place among one another) any better.

Dogs are animals and humans are animals and we all seek chemical rewards in the brain. Rats that have been given an opportunity to press a switch that triggers such a chemical reward have been shown to press that switch until they die of starvation. This is pretty similar to drug addiction and all other forms of human obsession and addiction. We're animals chasing chemical hits, that is what we are, and being dishonest about it is not very helpful. (We don't talk much about pleasure and pain in schools, do we? It's so damn important, yet we don't talk about it, we build entire industries dedicated to it but we hardly talk about it... that's part of what it is to be a fucking human being, to have to reconcile that bullshit.)

Different people have different brain chemistry, and it's ridiculous and absurd how drastically different people's brains can be. If you're reading this in the future, you might be smiling and shaking your head at my primitive understanding of the human brain. I am writing this partially in pursuit of a chemical high myself, and to claim otherwise would be intellectually dishonest. There is something in my brain that gets activated when I do this, and that is part of why I do this, and it frustrates me that we don't talk about this more openly.

(To be continued)

Businesses are animals, bags of human beings chasing profits and growth. The question arises whether we can rewire the neurochemistry of businesses, and if so, can we use these large superstructures to rewire the neurochemistry of individuals? It seems plausible, given evidence that people are influenced by their surroundings and social circumstances. (It would be so easy to become prescriptivist and use such rhetoric to do horrible things to people, though. It's important to earn legitimacy through honest discourse.)

We seem to have drifted from the central focus- what the fuck does it mean to be a human being? Quick recap- it involves being a bag of chemicals chasing chemical hits. There are certain trends and patterns in the way we seek our chemical hits. Natural selection has selected (randomly) for social animals, so many (most) of us are wired to get pleasure from meaningfully contributing beyond ourselves. (Or the illusion of doing so.) Self-expression. Pleasure. All of us seek pleasure and it's fucking ridiculous how little we talk about it in polite conversation. (Deja vu- I mentioned this the last time, didn't I. Oops.)

What is school for? To prepare kids for life? Well, adults, what are the most important lessons you've learnt? I should ask people. I shall.

A random thought/insight/expression: Social life is an elaborate dance of conquest and desire in subtle forms. I want to write about this, to write about the "problem" of lust, or the human condition that is lust, a desire for conquest, endless desire, to conquer others, to conquer land, to conquer people- psychologically, emotionally, physically- sexual conquest... what it is to live with that and to make sense of it and to realize that we treat people very differently depending on how they manifest those desires. And nobody teaches you how to do it right. But we disproportionately reward people for getting it "right" and we punish people for getting it "wrong". Right and wrong are of course arbitrary concepts decided by whoever is in power. This should probably be a separate article altogether and I think I'll write one about my personal experiences and perspectives.

What are the lessons? All greatness begins with baby steps. It's important to solicit negative feedback from friends (says Elon Musk). It's important to persist and to work hard and to fight for something that you're psychotically obsessed with (making the huge assumption of course that there's anything in your brain that allows for psychotic obsession, and that your obsession is something healthy and positive and desired by the masses.)

Clearly we need to understand people's brains better, and how we behave as people, and study is so, so important. Hail thee, scientific method. If only you were applied more rigorously across all fields, at all times, that we might learn at a breakneck speed and realize our potential as a species. Man, imagine if we could bring plants to Mars and grow them there. It would be the furthest that Earth-plants have ever been, and we, that is, human kind, would function as Earth's sort of "gardener." What if that's what we are? What if we're supposed to spread plants from Earth to beyond, and that other planets aren't actually meant to be bare and barren? Of course all of this is hogwash and a liberal application of the human need for causes and meaning. There's no such thing as "meant" or "should". That's just us imposing our will upon reality. But we can, so why shouldn't we, as long as we're not really hurting anyone? We have to be critical and turn inwards on ourselves- in a healthy way- so that we can grow and learn. Natural selection has selected for us to be this way.

We're all animals, after all, chasing our chemical hits. The question is, how do we align ourselves and our environments and our societies such that we create optimal conditions for the maximal realization of these chemical hits in a way that is positive, sustainable, healthy and non-damaging to humans and to nature?

Meow.
The best thing in my life right now, apart from my awesome job and the fact that I have a home of my own, is the daily fitness routine I have developed. I do squats in the shower and I keep track of them on my kitchen wall:

This is working out very well for me. I have been progressively polishing off one of my oldest limiting beliefs- that I will always be skinny and have weak chicken legs. I could do pull ups and pushups but I was never fit enough to comfortably run 2.4km, so I kinda grew to assume I'd always hate those runs. I ran around the block at my place several times but I never developed flow at it; it was never pleasure.

Doing pushups and squats is kinda pleasurable now. Pushups have always been kinda pleasurable for me if I'm moderately fit. Squats and runs never. I always had chicken legs.

Coupling squats and showers for me has been what I call a "jug of water solution". The jug of water story is trivial-sounding but significant. I once cleaned out a jug from a cupboard at my parents' place and filled it up with water before putting it in the fridge. I never had to tell anybody that I did it, or why it ought to be done- but once it was implemented, it stuck. Everybody used the jug of water, and refilled it whenever it was empty. It became the new norm without any argument. Its value was self-evident, and the means to sustain it were self-evident too.

Since then I've always kept an eye out for similar jug-of-water solutions. Squats in the shower is one. Another seems to be to keep a book by the bed. My wife and I were talking about our childhood reading habits and she described how she would read books before going to bed, and she would fall asleep while reading (why is my pillow so hard?) and then go right back to reading the moment she woke up. I completely related to that. Somehow that habit fell along the wayside over the years as new and more compelling distractions become available. I'm interested and curious to rediscover and re-establish that habit to see where it leads.

Sometimes a word vomit needs to be done from scratch. 2 things on my mind. How do I convey to people the importance of doing things for yourself? I can preach it at length or I can just put it out there and demonstrate it. Trivial issue.

2nd- how do I resolve the recurring problems- lack of focus, inevitable distraction? It seems to me that the solution necessitates meditation. Breaking from a pattern requires nothing short of a cunning jailbreak. I need the sort of clarity I can only get from emptying my mind and allowing the solutions to rise gently to the top of my mind.

I'm thoroughly convinced that we needed to go to space. I now think I'm also convinced that mediation is equally important, if not more important- for the same reasons. Expansion of human consciousness for the purpose of diminishing human suffering and improving human wellness. We can talk about the futility of life once we've solved poverty and every major problem faced by earthlings. (The entire question is a bit of a trap. We have not yet devised a method to transcend our brain chemistry, so we are limited to working within it. We all seek chemical highs one way or another. Consistently, the best ways include exercise, meaningful relationships, growth, mastery, all that good stuff. A lot of times, what feels like despair can be traced to low blood sugar, dehydration, sleep deprivation, a lack of mental clarity. This isn't to imply that depression isn't a real and horrible sickness that afflicts the best of us- it is. I'm just saying that we have to remember that we are animals with chemicals in our heads, and it's worth experimenting with multiple things to see if anything works. It's possible that nothing might; but you owe it to yourself to at least try.)

Space, and meditation, expanding human consciousness to diminish human suffering.

The challenge is to do it in a sustainable way. There are many things that give you a real moment of illumination- like an intense attraction to a  beautiful stranger with whom you hit it off perfectly. But such romances are often fleeting, ending up as a positive memory and little more. The challenge is to build something analogous to a lasting, happy marriage. Something that's a commitment rather than an experience, something that's built and nurtured.

Here's how education should begin- What's interesting and exciting about the world? What's worth being curious about? Do you know why you're in this building? Real reason and fake reason. Real reason is to train you to be compliant factory workers, interchangeable, dispensable. Prepare you for life? What is life? What do you want to know? What do you want to do? For the working world?

What is the working world? People work to earn money to pay for things that other people work to produce. And people are paid to make you think and feel that you need more than you actually do- to exploit your weaknesses and impulses and subconscious desires to make you buy the shit they're working so hard to produce. And the funniest (or saddest) thing is that they are not immune to their own effects. People working in marketing and advertising are susceptible to their own wiles and keep doing what they doing to earn money so they can buy shit too. What is happiness, what is pleasure, what is joy, and why do we believe that climbing the social ladder will yield it?

What is interesting, fun, exciting,  beautiful? Who are the best teachers you've had?

Why do I keep thinking about education? I think it's because the process of thinking about it makes me feel like I might be figuring out how to educate myself. Maybe I should skip the middle step and just go straight to sorting myself out. I'm going to start scheduling and deleting drafts to tidy up my blog a little.
Try reading Heidegger, Merleau-Ponty, and Schutz.
This book in particular is fabulous, though it is notoriously difficult to fully grasp:

That's true. And it's true that school's boring. But the statement "I didn't do well because I didn't study" is dangerous, because it lends itself to some suggestive implications. And here's the biggest implication that naturally emerges in my own mind. If I didn't do well because I didn't study, then I would have done well if I had just studied.

Seems obvious and intuitive, right? But it's not technically true. It's a logical fallacy, a round-trip. Not A therefore Not B doesn't mean A therefore B. There could be a whole bunch of other reasons why I didn't do well, or maybe I could've studied hard and still done badly. This is actually scary to contemplate and accept, because it would directly contradict my self-worth and that would be very damaging to my self-esteem. There's a huge amount of cognitive dissonance there, and it's an incredibly painful thing to explore. It's far easier to do badly and think highly of yourself despite of it, than to actually work hard and maybe realize you're not as good as you think you are. (Which is far more likely to be true.)

Here's what I'm really getting- I didn't do well because I was, and am, an irresponsible person. Why didn't I study? I didn't know how to, and I didn't want to, and I didn't know how to want to. (I often wanted to know how to, and wanted to want to, but those were not good enough to sustain the daily work that I needed to do in order to make a difference to my own life. I often experienced moments where I felt strongly that I was fucking up my own life and ought to turn things around, but these moments were fleeting and could never translate into action, into behaviour.)

My real problem is incompetence at the art or science of responsibility. I am incompetent at being responsible. What makes this doubly scary is, I've developed a coping mechanism where I'm really good at pretending. I'm good at talking. Rationalizing. I'm good at pretending to be responsible, at making lofty promises, at sounding like I really care about this or that- and I do, I really do feel like I care about this or that. But how do you measure whether somebody cares? Do you measure the emotional intensity inside their heads? You can't really do that. (Well, I suppose you could put them in an MRI of sorts. If you asked me how much I wanted to be awesome, and responsible, or how much I love my wife, I expect you would see real increase in blood flow to the brain- the emotions are real, not fake).

But we get to this additional bit here where- what's the point of feeling like you care, and saying that you care, if your actions don't communicate to the world that you care? What's the point of saying and feeling that you love your wife if you go home late to her because you procrastinated at work? What's the point of saying and feeling that you ought to quit smoking, or work out, if you don't?

It's a horrible place to be, and there is very little sympathy for people in this position. You're just a lousy person if you're like that. And I have been that supposedly lousy person for a long time- for all my life, really.

I needed to become a responsible person- I need to become a responsible person- and I have almost no real experience in this regard (although I could perhaps find ways to translate these ideas from other spheres... but I get ahead of myself here). I was irresponsible at home, and my parents let me get away with it. Actually, I think my parents are fairly irresponsible people too. Bless them, they're human, and they put a roof over my head and food on my table and air-conditioning in my room and provided everything I could possibly need... except they never taught me how to be responsible.

They did punish me for being irresponsible, and my teachers did the same thing. But here's an important question I'm not sure people are asking enough: How do you teach someone to be responsible? Do you do it by punishing them for being irresponsible? Will punishing an irresponsible person teach them to be responsible? Does it help? Do we have evidence of this working anywhere?

My boss has been an amazing figure in my life in just a few short months and he's taught me that being responsible begins with little things. Keeping track of little things and executing on little promises. I'm good at making grand promises and giving nice long explanations when things go bad- (essentially a variation of I didn't do well because I didn't study, but couched in emotive, flowery language that seems to make sense, and communicates passion- a real passion that is there, that exists).

The challenge is to be responsible. And to focus. I think they're the same thing. If you're a person who knows how to focus, being responsible isn't very difficult. If you're a person who's responsible, naturally, focus is not an issue.

I've received multiple emails from multiple students who are struggling in school and they tell me that they want to work hard and do well but they're lazy. This sounds almost a little silly to some people, but it sets off alarm bells in my head. Because I believe them. I believe that they want to do well. I mean, who doesn't? Who can honestly say that they don't want to be a responsible person, a trustworthy person, someone who is good and effective and reliable that everybody can turn to and count on? Everybody wants to be responsible. Everybody also wants to be emotionally savvy and financially savvy and know how to solve problems.

So these kids have the same problem I did, and continue to have, and am currently working on. This is the answer to Xavier's question that has been in my head all this while- how do you overcome what's stopping you from doing what you're doing? Here's what's stopping me, it's a fucking neurosis. It's a life of self-worth built on half-truths and maybe-truths, self-esteem that is dependent on flimsy logic. That's where the fear comes in. The fear isn't success or failure, the fear is the very real pain and discomfort that happens when you come to terms with the fact that you aren't who you claim to be, you aren't who you say you are, you are far, far smaller than you think you are.

But there is power in acknowledging that. When you face the fear you realise it's not that scary. When you allow yourself to feel the pain you realize it's not that painful. Once you acknowledge there's a problem and you start exploring it, with real conviction, you start realizing that you can fix it.

So how do you fix the problem of being irresponsible? Punishing irresponsible kids for being irresponsible is a losing game. My parents tried it on me, it didn't work. My teachers tried it on me, it didn't work. My girlfriend tried it on me, it didn't work. My friends tried it on me too (in a subtle denial-of-social-acceptance way), and it didn't work.

Let me be clear- I respond to it. I respond emotionally, viscerally. I acknowledge the truth in their sentiments, I acknowledge that there's a problem. But like a smoker who says he wants to quit, and means it, I quickly lapse into my previous habits and routines because I don't know how else to live. I don't know how else to be.

It's such a sad situation!

Er, how do you fix the problem of being irresponsible, sorry. You fix the problem of being irresponsible by being responsible for something small. Just one little thing, be responsible for it. One really, really, REALLY little thing. The thing has to be far, far littler than you think it is. As little as "write one sentence a day", or "do 10 pushups a day", something really, really simple. And you have to tie it to something that you already do. I did squats in the shower. It works, I now cannot shower without feeling awkward if I don't also do squats.

Okay, honestly, I don't know how to solve this problem completely, because I'm working on it as we speak. But I acknowledge that I have a problem, a problem beyond the mere acknowledgement of problems- the challenge is to learn how to be responsible. And I suppose there are many ways to do that. The main thing I'm trying to say is that I don't think we can teach responsibility by punishing irresponsibility. Maybe I'm wrong. I just had to write this.

So for students having issues self-motivating: relax. You are not irresponsible, you are rational and just don't realize it. If you know you want to work hard at _something_, but can't seem to do so in your current program, consider a change to something more in line with your interests. Appreciate the luxury of not having to rely on the unpleasant prospect of looming financial troubles for motivation.

Anyway. It's cool that it received and continues to receive the attention it did, and I think it's because I was luckily able to communicate something that resonated with people. What was particularly interesting was how little effort I put into figuring out what exactly I was going to say. It was one of the most ramble-without-editing posts I've written, even for a word vomit. But I had been thinking about it for a long, long time. At some point earlier in the day I was on the way to work and I found myself thinking, "How do you teach people to be responsible?" A whole bunch of stuff going on in my mind, something clicked. The moment I got to work, I was itching to write, to explore via writing (which is my favourite kind of writing, which is the kind of writing I'm doing right now). And I realize that it makes me happy, that it feels good, and that it's incredibly powerful stuff. I should write in this state as much as possible, and I should seek this state as much as possible. Easier said than done maybe, but it's something to meditate on.

I started reading Flow by Mihaly C. a few minutes ago. The concept is not new to me, I've seen it described before, I kind of understand what it's about- I believe it's been alluded to in popular culture quite a bit, and I've heard artists and writers talk about it. Still, I started reading it and before I even got to the first chapter I found myself overwhelmed with thoughts that I had to pour out- so I made the executive decision to pause reading and commence writing, and here I am. This might not be particularly meaningful or insightful in of itself since I'm just describing what's going on, but I think it's a habit that I want to cultivate. When the muse comes, you have to act on it. I believe Rework from 37 Signals describes how inspiration is perishable- if you don't act on it when you feel it, it's unlikely to set you on fire the way it typically does.

Amused to realize that some of the greatest flow I've experienced has been when I'm arguing with people on the internet. I'm not sure if I've ever experienced flow as musician. Maybe in bits and pieces, occasionally. The greatest flow I've s had would probably be reading books as a child, sometimes when playing video games, sometimes when writing. Well- fairly often when writing. Sometimes I've felt flow while doing pushups or even while cleaning the dishes. (I know that this isn't v tery helpful or illuminating writing, but that's a price I'm willing to pay to achieve my goal. You're really not obliged to read this.)

What's the goal? The goal as a writer is to write 1,000,000 words. Why? Why not? I just plain like the idea. Sure, I could just write "boobs boobs I love boobs oh man boobs are awesome" or something similar, but I don't want to. That doesn't gratify me. It's also unlikely that something of immense value is going to emerge if you're just shooting for raw numbers. I'm not really just shooting for raw numbers, though. I'm trying to build a habit. That's what I'm trying to do with my trivial 20 (now 30) pushups-and-squats-twice-a-day habit. It's small, but I want it to be persistent. I want it to be something I do until I die. I want to write until I die. I want to read until I die. I do think I'd also like to keep improving as a musician until I die, even if I never becoming an established artist. Music makes me happy. Writing makes me happy. Reading makes me happy. Contemplation makes me happy. Reflection makes me happy. Heartfelt conversations make me happy. I believe that effective routines and discipline will make me happy, too.

At the end of this particular word vomit I would ht ave written over 50,000 words in the service of this seemingly pointless indulgence. How do I feel about that? That's pretty cool. When I was a teenager, me and a friend challenged each other to write novels. We couldn't do it. I never went past about 2,000 words. And here I am with 50,000. How does it feel? I'm just getting started, man. 50,000 is nothing. It's unimpressive. I've probably written more words just arguing on the internet. I've got several hundred pages of Tumblr reblogs.  I've tweeted 12,000 tweets, and if there are just 4 words per tweet, I'd have tweeted more than I'd have written. 50,000 is not impressive, Visa. And it doesn't mean anything. I could discard everything and start over. What matters is the flow of doing it. The number is ultimately inconsequential when you look back. It's just something to work towards.

I suppose 100,000 will be a nice milestone. 250,000 will feel satisfying. 500,000 will be exciting. I can't imagine anything after that. Who will I be, what will I be talking about, what sort of impact will I be having in the world, what will I be accelerating?

When Elon Musk was talking to Salman Khan at Khan Academy (YouTube "elon musk khan"), he talks about how he wants Tesla to accelerate the phenomenon of electric vehicles. He knows that it's going to happen anyway. Nobody is indispensable in the world- not even Led Zeppelin and U2 and Jesus and Leonardo da Vinci. The world is a vast and beautiful complex system and it is not so fragile as to be dependent on a single person. But individuals have the ability to help accelerate things. That's the difference you can make in the world. You might not be able to single-handedly change the world overnight, but you're able to make good things happen faster, or slow bad things down.

I want to accelerate humanity's ascent to space. We've sent a few token people up there, for mostly political purposes. We need to get more people up there. To achieve this, I need to develop skills, gather resources, build connections, an audience. I want to be a writer, a popularizer, a diplomat of sorts. I want to help save people time and energy as they figure out what they should be doing with their time and lives.

Of course, I'm still figuring out myself. I need to become a responsible person, first of all. I have a lot of work to do on myself, so that I can contribute more. This is just me defining the mission that I need to serve. A line that my boss used on me that I loved was- you've never struggled very much, have you? What is the struggle you need to undertake? Something like that. Struggle. The idea of struggling towards something that you want. Isn't that beautiful? So much of struggle so far has been about avoiding pain and difficulty and frustration. Struggle to keep some space to yourself, struggle to be comfortable. Now the challenge is shifting, the struggle for meaning, for purpose, to contribute.

It's fun, it's exciting, it's challenging, it's beautiful. To grow. To be gritty. To achieve flow. This came out of me like water. Back to reading, now.

Oh yeah, 50/1,000. Fyeah.
Despite all of that I think there is still some merit to the idea that there's some sort of "Self" to be- the ideals that resonate with us, that we hold ourselves accountable to. Sure, it might be constructed and temporary and ultimately an illusion of some sort, but it's still something we live with, still something we use day to day. One of the things about illusions is- even when you're aware that it's an illusion, you can still see it. Maybe that's just me, but I believe that the magic is still magical when you find out how the illusion works- that adds to the effect, rather than subtracts. I saw a comment by somebody who said "Don't study love, that just takes the mystery out of it", and I found that incredibly ignorant (it literally is that- an appeal to ignorance). Scientists don't appreciate the beauty of flowers any less because they're aware of processes like pollination and fertilization, it only adds. How does it subtract? (Richard Feynman spoke beautifully about this).

Similarly, a careful exploration of what makes us human does NOT take away any of the magic or mystery or beauty of it all. Studying ourselves does not make us less human. (Maybe this is an idea perpetuated by the trope of mad/evil/crazy sociopathic scientists who approach people as meaningless digits to be played with. But this is often divorced from the reality of things, isn't it? I can't talk precise stats here, but from personal experience, anybody who's exploring their curiosity in a subject matter typically gains more love for their subject, not less. Learning music theory doesn't make you less capable of emoting. Learning science doesn't make you any less able to appreciate art. This is an ugly, ugly misconception that needs to be killed. Knowledge is empowering and it allows us to have greater empathy... blah blah.

So I started writing this because I really liked Gretchen's idea of "Be Gretchen". For me, that would be "Be Visa". In your case, that would be "Be Yourself". Of course, by itself in a vaccuum that can be the most useless piece of advice anybody can ever give you. What does that even mean? They tell you to be yourself and then they judge you for not being who they want you to be. "Be yourself" is really just shorthand for "be sociable, comfortable, smooth, likeable, artful, skillful". That's what people really want. If "yourself" is narcissistic, needy, selfish, cruel, awkward, then nobody wants you to be that.

But if you dig past that- aren't there certain ideas that just resonate with you, almost beyond explanation? The explanation seems to be after-the-fact. I often think about Calvin and Hobbes, and how I related immensely to Calvin, and how in a lot of ways I mirror a lot of his thoughts and behaviour. Now the question is- did I end up becoming more like Calvin because I read so much of him a a child? Or did I read so much of him as a child because something about him resonated with something within me, even back then? The causality probably runs both ways.

This is taking a little too long... (I'm planning to summarize all 1,000 word vomits into TL;DRs, if you're wondering). I got around to thinking- so if there's some idea of who Visa is, whether it's emergent from what people have told me I ought to be, the books I've read, or something from within (or, most likely, all of the above), what is that idea? Sure, when you hold it up to intense scrutiny it all falls apart, but it does serve some utility...

TL;DR: I'm still not getting to the point, sorry. The point is that are certain things that I like the idea of doing, certain things that I feel compelled to do, certain things that I enjoy doing, certain ideas that I like exploring, and these things are closer to my "heart" than other things, and happiness is to be found in exploring these ideas and spending time in these activities.

One of these things is writing, so even if this entire post makes zero sense and makes zero contribution to the world, I'd feel happy for having written it because it is a part of a process that I identify with and relate to, that makes me happy. Sure, I'd still be me even if I never wrote a single thing ever again, but I like writing, and I think it's important to know what I like. I like writing. I like singing, even though I'm not very good at it. I like music. I like playing guitar. I like having good, long conversations about life and meaning and art and communication and complex systems and management and decision-making and the organization and distribution of information and poker. I like narratives and storytelling and video games and words and characters and people. I like reading books and I'd definitely love to write books in the future. Yes. Yes. I definitely want to have a shelf of books that I've written. I want to build a tribe of people who care about big-picture things like space exploration and literacy and sanitation for all. I want to interview and have conversations with people doing awesome things. I want to inspire the people in my life to achieve their own greatness. I want to be smart and witty and funny and I like sex and dirty jokes and hearing about people's lives. I talk too much and can get annoying and difficult and troublesome but I want to learn to be tactful and responsible. Routines and discipline were previously "not a part of me", but now I realize they are a part of how I am to achieve the greater freedom and creativity and insight that I yearn to fill my life with. I want to leave a legacy of meaning and thoughtfulness and also fun and joy and kinky and sexy and beautiful.

None of this is new. None of this has been previously unsaid. I'm just meditating and focusing on what has always been within me, what I've always known, but maybe have been distracted from. If I like guitar and learning to play songs on the guitar makes me happy, then I should totally do that. I'm going to clean up my place a little, sort out my finances, do a little coding and take steps towards being the me that I want to be.

Imagination and conversation leads to a vision of what ought to be, grit and determination to commit to a struggle to make it happen, thoughtful contemplation and reflection to observe what works and what doesn't, constant mindfulness and awareness to pay attention to see what works and what doesn't, the scientific method we inherited (thanks, Francis and friends and predecessors) allows us to systematically accelerate evolution to create, in the world, from our minds, what we believe ought to be.

It's exhilarating stuff. This word vomit has crossed 1500 words. Adieu. (Yeah the TL;DR wasn't a real TL;DR but whatever man)
My feedly isn't loading and social media has diminishing returns so I souls just start writing. My mind isn't particularly clear. I notice that there's something that happens to my mind when I'm on social media for too long: I start thinking in a very short-term short-wavelength manner and it becomes harder to do the kind of 'deep thinking' you need to do to catch insights and say something meaningful... I'm taking out of my ass here trying to make sense of my subjective experience.

I notice that when I read books, I often have to stop halfway to stay writing because the thoughts get pushed to the front of my mind and I can't enjoy the book without getting the thoughts out of my mind first. It's a funny problem to have.  I suppose I could experiment with ignoring the thoughts so I can fully immerse myself in the joy of reading, as I did as a child. Reading for me these days is highly interactive: I take notes, I write down the thoughts that arise in my mind and make connections to other books and ideas. It's almost like I can't read without getting involved. I can enjoy comedy or a play or an art exhibition and take notes afterwards, but somehow I don't have that patience with books. Books are for snorting hurriedly, at least that's how it is at this stage in my life when there's so much to ingest.

Funny how that analogy plays out. I'm wiring this on the way to work and I wonder if I can complete and publish it before I get started. That's rather ambitious but maybe it's worth a shot, maybe it's a routine worth trying out.

Random but I believe strongly in the value of re-reading things, re-watching things. You're never the same person twice, so approaching the same text twice is a remarkably good way to figure out where you've been and how you've changed and grown. I was rewatching Melinda Gates' Ted talk about Coca-Cola and how they've found remarkable solutions to problems that  governments and NGOs hadn't. So full of awe at the entire process and how it saves lives, and how simple some solutions are.

I also watched a talk by a counsellor explaining how people in their 20s have been encouraged to be complacent when it's the most defining decade of your life. I like that because I feel like it glorifies my personal narrative. I was complacent for the first 20 years of my life, so I'm determined to work hard now.

Which brings me to the idea of social comparison as a motivator. Should you use it? Is it ultimately unhealthy and self-destructive? I know a lot of wise guru type folks say that you should only be competing against yesterday-you, and let other people be other people. Yet we do use scoreboards and leaderboards in games and reality,  because clearly we're motivated by social cues (being social animals).

I'll admit it- a part of me wants to 'get back' at people who've looked down on me in the past. I like the idea of overtaking the superachiever kids add they begin to struggle with questions of purpose and meaning. When you're done with your expensive degree and have spent a few years working your high-paying job and realize you're not that happy, Ha Ha Fuck You!

But then I pause to check myself. Is that really who I want to be? It's a little petty and small-minded isn't it? First of all it's unfair of me to hate on people without knowing their full circumstances. Everybody has a hard battle to fight. Second, hate is like drinking poison and hoping they die. Sure it might be entertaining to some but what do I really want? In a way, peer approval can be like a drug that keeps you where you are, for better or worse.

(Solution: write about anger and envy and vengeance to communicate that it's on your mind, then demonstrate through action that you reject the low road- win-win! There's surely a flaw in that somewhere that hasn't revealed itself to me.)

When a dust has been kicked up I think clarity is achieved by deciding what you want to focus on. Rather than going "Everything's a mess, what should I do?" I should go, "Well, what do I want then?"

Then it gets easier. I want to play a role in diminishing human suffering and increasing human wellness- achieving this by creating and promoting anything that broadens human consciousness. The grand goal is to accelerate the advent of accessible commercial space travel. That's the prize.

(I just got to work. That was 777 words written from Bishan MRT to one-north MRT. Not too bad I suppose.)

So actually, the whole "should I compare myself to other people as motivation" idea is a little pointless, and weak, because that comparison involves feeling good about "being better" than other people. I intellectually know that this leads to conditional self-esteem, which is unhealthy because either you're not good enough, or you have to be stressed all the time trying to maintain your lead, and that's frustrating and tiresome. Also, there's an indirect implication that other people screwing up will make you feel better about yourself, which is not cool- that doesn't serve the mission. The mission here is to commercial, accessible space travel, and we need everybody on board for such a vast mission. So I have to help people, even the rich kids. If I believe strongly enough in my mission, then it is irrelevant how other people are "relative to me"- instead, it's in my interest to enrich as many people as possible. Then we can party on the future international space stations. Then I can have this conversation with myself (and you, if you're so inclined) again... or maybe not. Who knows. Life is unpredictable.

Alright, I'm hitting my word vomit target for today in a matter of words. Now to have a kickass productive day at work. Cheerio.
The following are two combined half-vomits written on the train. Incoherent, etc. You shouldn't bother reading this. I'll go back over this in a few months time and summarize everything into the crystalized TL;DRs.

Moment of clarity on the train this morning through a mix of articles read and Facebook posts witnessed. There is no such thing as a level playing field and if you want to succeed on whatever plane you have chosen you have to play asymmetrical. Some might call it playing dirty. Dirty is simply whatever has been established by the collective to be unacceptable because it involves risk that most individuals are uncomfortable with. The concept of dirty is a sort of insurance. Morality is a sort of insurance. That doesn't render it invalid or bad- invalid and bad are concepts too and we're so entrenched in them on a day to day basis that we can't transcend them- its encoded in our language. To be human is to have to grapple with these tedious things. Ultimately it's all a matter of perception. Reality is perception with an army and navy. Reality is perception backed by power. Power is leverage to shape reality.

The problem with discussions of power is that it's often myopic. People think of it in an individualistic sense. But people are more than just individuals.

It's always funny when individuals infatuated with the idea of "survival of the fittest" complain that people don't get them,  or that people rise up and rebel against them. The collective weak can be fitter than the individually strong, and the beheading of a king by an unruly mob is, within those circumstances, survival of the fittess at play. You were too eager to fanboy a theory you didn't fully understand and it swallowed you up for lunch.

You can't afford to treat anybody with contempt or disrespect because they can organize against you.

What's the point of all this? It's rooted in the realization that persuasion is actually limited by power- yes, persuasive skills are a form of power too, but they have diminishing returns if they are not backed by might.

Might in this sense does not need to be physical,  although a strong case can be made for the necessity of physical strength. It is the final determiner. You can mock the grotesquely obsessed dysmorphic roid-snorting monster, but he's an extreme case (and he can probably still kick your ass). There was a funny moment when Justin Beiber started working out and got fitter than a lot of his haters. The truly fit have no time to hate. Hate is largely a consequence of imprecise thought- it is blunt and it is obsolete in a world where you can't simply bludgeon your enemies to death...

We fall in love with lots of things but rarely people.

We fall in love with our ideas of people, but loving a person in their entirety- flaws, weaknesses, insecurities, baggage- is incredibly hard. And so important to do. Because we need it ourselves. And we're the only ones who can provide it.

Clearly our language is oversimplistic and needs an upgrade. We use the word love so often, so easily, in so many circumstances that it loses its meaning. It loses its usefulness as a descriptor. She loved him- what does that mean? What does that tell us about her, about him, about any relationship they might have had? Next to nothing, actually. So much more context is required. Who's saying it, why, and what do they really mean?

The problem with a question like "What is love" isn't that love is mysterious and complex and indescipherable or indescribable. We just use it to describe too many different things. The confusion that arises in the discussion of love is largely a consequence of our collective laziness in evaluating our own emotional states and our internal worlds. It can't be as impossibly complex as we make it out to be. Immensely complex, sure. Impossibly complex, I doubt it.

Can we know ourselves? I believe we can.

Let's regroup. Why did I begin this train of thought?  I read a quote that went something like "I rarely love the entirety of a person." It struck me as something really true, and it reminded me of many long conversations I've had with friends about mistaking the map for the territory. We often if not always love our idea of a person more than the person himself. We often don't even bother to really get to know the person properly. We rarely listen. We seek to confirm our hypotheses rather than disconfirm them, which was established by Karl Popper as the source of scientific knowledge. This is a cognitive bias and we can't hate ourselves for it- it is what it is, we've inherited it from our predecessors and it served them well.

I find dancers, athletes and musicians attractive. I now have to qualify that- we can't reduce people to their pursuits. Every human being is different. That said, we can't escape the law of large numbers and people do fall within some sort of statistical distribution. There's a certain magic and sparkle about these people. There's something intrinsically poetic about the body of an athlete or dancer or anybody who's invested so much of their time and energy into a craft that it's literally changed the way their bodies look.

Part of this could be a biological response- people who are fit are strong, reliable, ideal for mating and child-rearing, dependable. They've got your back. I remember being attracted to a girl who had a muscular back (I believe from playing netball). Allison Stokke. Michelle Jenneke. Samantha Wright. Hundreds of male football players, rugby players. I think it goes beyond the physical. There's something that alludes to psychological fitness, emotional fitness. Perhaps it's a false correlation quickly and lazily assumed by the subconscious mind- but I think there's some useful morsel of maybe-truth in there. A person who has the will to persist at something- they're something special, aren't they? Or are they not? Why isn't everybody working really hard at something amazing? (Or are they? Heh.)

Sure, we all participate in ultra-broad processes like the emergence of language but that's almost imperceptible. Not everybody is Shakespeare, inventing words that become common usage. There's always some sort of statistical distribution. (Random but I've always been curious to know if the statistical distribution of the spread or variance of statistical distributions falls within a normal distribution)...

thoughts abruptly ended here when I got to work

When I say non-academic, I don't mean it to be 'simplistic'. It's a very thoroughly researched book. I just mean that the author has a beautiful, COHERENT, poetic way with words that captures love wonderfully -- in a way that anyone can read and go "Sigh, wonderful writing". A striking historical account of the meaning of love. One of the best books I read on love ,and I've read too many to count.

I feel like I'm reaching a stage with my work where I'm starting to be able to translate my thoughts and cognitive tools from one sphere to another. By that I mean to say that I'm learning to think about ecommerce the way I think about sociopolitical issues.

God, that sounds pretentious. I don't mean to imply that I'm particularly good at either. I'm not. I'm below average. I have been, for the past few months, intimidated and overwhelmed by my own incompetence. I often show up at work feeling like I have no idea what I'm doing. And now I sort of feel like I'm starting to understand.

I am growing to love the field that I'm in. Ecommerce is interesting because it marries the internet (which I have a deep love for) and commerce, which is very central to the development of the human species. The challenge for me is to make sense of the vast complexity of the marketplace: as much as is possible for an individual (connected to the minds of others), to a degree that yields insight that is valuable to others.

I think I'm just beginning to develop the sort of love and ownership of my role and my space. So far I have been doing things with a sort of non-depth. My analogy would be... I feel like I've been doing cleaning work while afraid to get dirty. My output has been ridiculously limited by perfectionism and this prevents me from conduiting my best work.

Random thoughts now so I can communicate it more effectively later when I have to.

Selling is about communicating value to people in a way that resonates with them enough to compel them to act. The act of buying is triggered when all the prerequisites are fulfilled.

Buying is about navigating a complex landscape to identify products and services that fulfill one's need/want. The anxiety comes from not being clear about what you want, and from not being sure if there might be a better fit somewhere else 'out there'.

It's interesting to compare this general idea to something more visceral like say, dating. Dating is far more complex because the communication is a lot more vague, subtle and suggestive... But there's a fundamental market structure at the root of it. You want to communicate value to interested parties. The parties you're interested in might not be interested in you, and you'll have to earn that interest- you can't buy it directly. The anxiety with 'buying'... you get the picture.

The problem with both dating and commerce in general- and many other markets of all kinds- is imperfect information. More precisely, the imperfect routing of information.

Once the problem was a literal lack of information. You didn't know what was out there at all. Then information started being produced en masse. Then lack of variety of information. Then proliferation of diversity and variety through the democratization of production. Problem of too much information, too much noise. Remember, once the problem was that there was no sound at all! Now there's too much of it and the challenge is to filter out what we don't want and seek out what we do want. (No boys to date. Lots of boys to date but they're all the same. Lots of different kinds of boys to date but it's hard to tell if you've got one that's a good fit for you.)

Paradox of choice by Barry Schwartz argues convincingly that the way to deal with such overwhelming choice and complexity is to be satisficing- settle for good enough instead of seeking what is best,  because the latter takes too much effort. And this is roughly where we are today.

Here's a bold prediction- barry's utilitarian argument will be undermined when the cost of finding out what is best is reduced to pretty much zero. When finding the best partner or product doesn't involve much effort on your part.

But how does that happen? Improved search. Improved filtration. Humans have always been great pattern-recognizers and we've built tools as extensions of our minds to vastly improve our cognition.

How do you make sense of a vast and impossibly complex landscape? The same way ants do- through collaboration.

Now we've got to think about social networks. In the 70s, biologist Lewis Thomas stated that networks will touch, fuse, coalesce into a massive single grid.

"Without paying a fee, or filling out a questionnaire, all of us are being linked in similar circuits, for other reasons, by credit bureaus, the census, the tax people, the local police station, or the Army. Sooner or later, if it keeps on, the various networks will begin to touch, fuse, and then, in their coalescence, they will start sorting and retrieving each other, and we will all becomes bits of information on an enormous grid."

Notice- he wasn't a technologist, he was a biologist. He observed that eusocial insects ants and termites work together like neurons in a brain, and that such swarm intelligence applies on multiple levels. Human networks share information just as ants do, and are kind of like a large brain. The evolution of life is analogous to the evolution of human thought and knowledge- it starts in small pockets and grows richer and more complex.

Back on track- our biological brains may not have evolved much in the past thousand or even hundred thousand years, but our capacity to build tools that amplify our senses and our cognition have been progressing at a phenomenal rate and it seems almost modest to suggest that we,  as a species,  together with our tools, are rapidly evolving. Consider the evolution of something like Google Maps and how it makes sense of the physical landscape of the Earth- and how our astrophysicists have mapped the universe, and our quantum physicists and chemists and microbiologists have mapped the building blocks of our universe, and the human genome. Neuroscientists and linguists do the most wonderfully recursive things, using brains and language to map brains and language.

Is it so hard to believe or imagine that we'd map human relations and commerce? 100x heartbeat intensity. Glass. Iphones. Unbelievably accurate recreation of fluid dynamics, of skin, art that penetrates the chest and wrenches the heart. If we can figure out what happens when galaxies collide I think we can figure out commerce and romance. (Actually now that I mention it it's quite possible that both romance and commerce are more complex than galaxies... in fact I think I'll openly say yes, they are. There might be more stars in a galaxy than people in an economy, but stars behave more predictably than people.)

But have curiosity,  will explore...

abruptly ended here. Had to go for RT at khatib camp. entire full word vomit captured entirely on my smartphone... nice. random thought- need to digest The Long Tail and assimilate it into my cognitive toolkit

have not yet begun talking about routing
So the challenge is to apply 'CSS' to daily life. By planning a schedule and sticking to it I save myself the trouble of having to redecide, everyday,  what to do with my time.

Also, local solutions are typically globally sub-optimal- by that I mean to say that I will make lousier decisions when tired, frustrated, bored. I become a victim to my baser instincts instead of my nobler aspirations. It takes less cognitive effort to 'follow instructions' or to decide to do what you had set out to do earlier than it does to try and come up with something awesome every step of the way. Has anybody written about this? I'm sure they have.

What routines should I set? Sleep on time. Drink water. Exercise regularly. Schedule coffee with friends and loved ones and stick to it. There's almost no excuse now that I've got a smartphone with google calendar on it. Practicr guitar (not a big deal). Code. Read. Write. Have conversations with my best friend everyday. Why is this taking so long? My old ways are trying to cling on to me. I need to drag them out into the open and beat them to death with a stick or whatever weapon I have at my disposal.

I like to use a 'big red button' as a philosophical exercise to figure out what I want for myself and the world. It involves oversimplifying things so that I can figure out what I ought to work on.

Consider the following. If there's a big red button that's labelled "press to quit smoking completely", would smokers press it? I'm guessing that many would, despite the rationalizations that follow (oh they're quite pleasurable, etc). Quittong smoking is pretty much always a globally optimal solution. It's just locally hard to enforce, because it's always so easy to start again, and the short term pleasure outweighs the long-term cost to the short-sighted human brain.

So I wonder, what are the red buttons worth pressing? I know this can seem like an exercise in wishful and unrealistic thinking but I think it's interesting as a tool to figure out what's important.

Learn to swim? Yes. Learn emergency skills? Yes. Become a responsible, trustworthy person? Yes. Get addicted to learning? Yes. Get off social media? Erm, maybe not- there has to be a middle ground. Develop a fitness habit? Yes.

Okay at this stage it becomes clear that the good stuff is fairly easy to come up with. I think I've thought enough about this and I know what I need to achieve to make me happy. The next challenge is to figure out the most effective way of implementing it. What should I schedule? How should I schedule it? What are the most important priorities?

I think the most important thing I'm not doing is meditation. 2nd most might be writing. Both involved a certain mindfulness and they lead me towards thinking bigger, longer, more globally. The two combined will keep me from acting in my short-term interests at the expense of my long term ones.

I needa clearer roadmap of my life. I got a couple of cool emails- one inviting me to speak at an event in september, another inviting me to write for something pretty substantial (relative to what I've been writing for so far).

What do I want, what makes me happy, what would I like to achieve? These are recurring questions I shouldn't have to keep re-answering- they should be easily accessible to me, at my fingertips. I need a clear picture of my best work- to refactor my blog and my quora answers, and my favourite quotes and stuff. This cannot be done in one fell swoop as I like to fool myself into believing. I am not that capable. Few people are, if any. So things need to be broken down into smaller bite-size chunks that can be tacked a bit at a time.

Just opened this up- argh, so close! Just 100 words from completion. I guess I'm skim through the article and do a summary of my thoughts on it. Erm... the big-red-button thing seemed useful at some point but now it just feels tacky and redundant. It does help I guess to have a clear sense of what one's priorities are, what makes you happy, what gives you joy... jesus I'm so obviously just going through the motions here to make up words.

I might as well talk about what I'm up to at work- I've been working on something involving putting together a job description for my future teammates. It's an interesting experience because it kind of helps me clarify my own role... ah I'm done (so silly but ;_;)
Elon Musk mentioned that when theory meets reality, reality typically wins. Isn't that entire process cool, though?  Rather than relying on random fumbling around, we can deliberately navigate the darkness, make hypotheses, test them,  refine them and make better hypotheses. Fat better than stumbling around. The human mind- the collective- functions as a sort of crucible for accelerated 'fitness' (if that is the 'purpose' of evolution- purpose itself of course being a self-serving human construct).

Regroup. Within the chemical limitations of the mind we are wired to have fun 'living', and while the downtime between strenous activities and thought can be pleasurable, persistent idleness isn't- because then you aren't living, you aren't learning, you're stagnating. I'm not saying that it's somehow intrisically good to live and to learn- I'm saying that it FEELS good, and as humans, it's nice to do what feels good as long as it's sustainable and not harmful to self and/or others.

So the point of that is- nature is like this giant computer that figures out what works and what doesn't,  at a very slow pace. It 'learns' (using human terms to badly describe an ultimately indescribable process- the source of spiritual ecstasy and connection). Consciousness emerged as a computer within the computer as a tool for 'accelerated learning'. And consciousness built language, and consciousness and language built industrialization and computers- tools for building and learning, just as consciousness itself is a tool for building and learning.

That's a horrible horrible and incredibly vague and imprecise paragraph of horrible psuedo-knowledge but it's just a vague sense of how I make sense of things. I plan to refine it over time.

Kill abstraction, back to concrete living. Somehow the incentives are nicely aligned such that learning to live better (vague) is pleasurable. So to get to really mundane stuff- I'd like to wake up early and have deliberate practices.

Ah, that was what I was grasping at straws for and went through so much nonsense to get to- the value of deliberation. Nature, as far as we can tell, is non-deliberate. It just is. There's a certain continuum of deliberateness from simpler life forms simply 'intending' to propagate and multiply, to persist- and then we get progressively more complex intents. Monkeys are capable of deception.

Once we get to people- man, people are incredibly complex! We are capable of intent but we often don't know why we do what we do. 'Why' is a uniquely deliberate and conscious phenomenon. Nature doesn't give a damn about why. But nature made humans- randomly- and humans care about intent and causality and purpose. It's interesting because humans shape reality- consciousness shapes reality. The human species functions as a primitive nervous system for the  planet...

Fuck, I got out of my head again. Deliberate practice is accelerated learning. Learning is a kind of accelerated evolution. I have, all my life, grossly underestimated the value of deliberate practice. I suspect it has to do with an irrational distrust of myself. Had a chat about this with a couple of my colleagues- some scenarios are conducive to the development of trust in deliberate practice- such as studying in school- and others aren't.

I really want to know- what drives smart kids to be unproductive, 'lazy'? I've read a lot about this over the years- not too deliberately,  unfortunately. The reasons tend to circle around fear of failure. We sabotage ourselves in advance. We are supreme cynics who don't have faith in our own abilities, and we are afraid to reveal our own incompetence...

Why do I keep getting derailed, lol. The central point here is that there is incredible value in deliberate, mindful practice in all things and I have been, ironically, deliberately blinding myself to the fact. I'll repeat an earlier post here- my ability to rationalize my own failure might be the most deliberately-practiced skill I have in my cognitive toolkit, and it's outright toxic to my own well being. That's sad.  There's a certain addiction dynamic. You hate yourself for sucking, ironically, because hating yourself is the one thing you've gotten really, really good at.

So the central challenge here is to subvert that- and it requires mindfulness and structural help because in the absence of mindfulness we fall back into familiar habits, such as self-loathing or rationalizing inaction and perfectionism and other lame excuses that fall away under scrutiny. Maybe I'm so eager to talk about life and the universe because I'm afraid or uncomfortable to talk about my own failings.

Well fuck you, brain! (Or neural pathways within the brain!) We're here to talk about your scumbaggery. You're preventing me from living a fuller and more productive life, and from contributing beyond myself to aid others on their quests! This is who I am in the light of mindfulness and reflection. The challenge is to kill who I am in the darkness of familiarity, until I've rewired my brain sufficiently. Now that's the real challenge that I face in life, and that's something I'm going to have to face,  deliberately. You don't scare me, bitch. I've had enough of you. And I will rip you out of my skull- or deny you nutrients, or WHATEVER THE FUCK IT TAKES. 23 years is long enough. I'm reaching work now. I'm going to work on a task I was tasked yesterday and then get to the blogpost I've been meaning to write. I will monotask.

If you're reading this, what demons do you have in your head?

Work today. Stuff I'm proud of:

1: I avoided feeding a troll today. I'm typically someone who's fairly easy to troll. I'm someone who can be rather insecure and easily offended. I also can rarely resist the urge to get into an argument, because I like to think that I'm good at arguments, and it gives me a feeling of busyness. It's like playing candy crush maybe. The act of argument triggers "low-lying fruit" in my pleasure circuitry (I'm so sorry that my understanding of neuroscience is so horrible but you know what I mean). It becomes something like smoking or masturbating: feels good, achieves little. I avoided that to some degree,  and that felt great. Remember Visa, Elon Musk does not have time to argue with people. He speaks only before broad self-selected audiences, and works on problems in the interim. (That's part of the problem of Facebook, in my opinion- there's a slightly negative social outcome when people get roped into discussions they didn't opt-into. This can be positive or negative depending on the context and it's remarkably hard to manage.  Anyway I want to be spending progressively less time on Facebook because I want to spend my time doing 'deep work'- work that emerges from extensive consideration and rumination...

2: I started and completed a blogpost at work within a couple of hours. This is a big deal to me because for some reason my work-related blogposts are slow, laggy, lethargic. I think it has to do with perfectionism borne of being accountable to somebody, which kept me from doing my best... I wonder if there's a part of me that rather be perceived as lazy than incompetent. Well- lazy IS incompetent. You're incompetent either way, Visa, so wake the fuck up and get to work.

3: in proud of myself for developing this habit of writing on the trains. This is the 3rd or 4th large vomit that I'm doing on my commute and it feels fucking incredible. It makes me feel like I'm making real progress with myself. I still haven't practiced meditation yet- not sure why I'm putting it off- but I'm writing. That's the best part. Writing writing writing everyday.  No excuse not to. Word vomit on the train is an elegant proposition, like squats in the shower or a jug of water in the fridge. Speaking of which,  I need to have some healthy snacks at home. I need to incorporate a 'cycling' practice at work- I've been meaning to test this idea, that physically changing my location at regular intervals will improve my productivity.

Most important insights... don't try to do things all at once. Chunk chunk chunk. Baby steps. I haven't done my poached article yet- what will I write about? I'm such a bloody perfectionist! Seriously need to kill the bugger. Hopefully writing about this day in and day out will make a difference. Sorry if you're bored. (I'm not doing this to help or entertain you anyway. Why are you even reading this? )

An insight I had that I'm probably repeating- it's important to schedule stuff in advance because it's so hard to make good decisions at the end of a work day.

I made an odd call today that I'm not sure what to think of. I was at work and being productive, but it was getting late and I was going to be late for remedial training. But I was on a roll! I decided it was more important to me to keep the productivity going, and I completed the post I was working on. Success!  And yet a kind of pyrrhic victory. I want to reach a stage where I become a responsible, trustworthy person who's always on time for appointments. Seriously my tardiness is just insulting and disrespectful to everyone and that's not who I want to be. So I'm commiting to simple things like going to work on time, going to bed on time... 16 year old Visa  would kill me for saying this but I need more structure in my life. Structure will allow me to massively increase my output, which will literally transform the game I'm having.

Heh I just had a funny recursive thought about how I'm repeating myself and I'm sorry for repeating myself and how even that apology is repetitive... I make no apologies for that though. Children learn through repetition, all learning involves repetition and if repeating this plays a role in reshaping my brain then I will do it!

It occurred to me while I was at work that there's more stuff that can be done than there is time to do it. I know, this technically applies to life itself, but it's a strange and unfamiliar problem if you're used to a life of trying to minimize discomfort.

What are the best things I can do? Colonize the acquisition channels. Do some reading. Motivate my peers. Act. 80/20 bro.

(Just caught myself resenting someone for playing candy crush on the train. Why so judgemental visa? Psuedo-psychanalysis: I resent people who remind me of my own negative properties. So if I make a big deal about candy crush it's because... even though I don't play it, I recognize it for what it is: a trivial and mundane addiction. This reminds me- I've actually had negative reactions to watching friends and loved ones using Facebook. What the fuck! You condescending prick, how hypocritical can you get? I know, I know. I'm sorry.

In random news I just paused to buy some fruitella sweets and I realized that if there's something called an addict personality or archetype, I probably fit it to some degree and it has some parallels or symbiotic intertwining. What's the relationship between addiction and general responsibility, if any? Are there people who're highly responsible in one sphere, but say, substance addicts in another? I imagine it's possible, and it's highly complex, and I'm generalizing it in a way that doesn't do justice to the general picture.

There's something there, though. Binge eating, drinking, sleeping, smoking, etc. Anybody got any good links to read about these things? Will look them up on my own time otherwise

I know what you're getting at (touche!), but I think there's a slight distinction: I'm not riled up about the troll per se, rather my focus is on my past response to trolls and what seems to be a new response that I'm not used to. So while he does "elicit a response", it's not a response to him, it's a response to me paying attention to what's happening inside my mind. If the troll's intent was to inspire thought/reflection, then good on him, and I'm happy to oblige. If his intent was to upset or frustrate or piss me off, I think I subverted that. I don't expect that I'll ever stop thinking about pretty much everything, but if I can channel that into something productive I think I'm slightly better off for it.

Kind of like one of those "you're done obssessing about someone when you notice that you don't care anymore" things- "oh, but you just noticed!", well, fuck, haha

It's interesting to observe my own mind meander and circle around. It's really good at doing that. MBTI theory- which I don't care too much for anymore- would describe it as extraverted intuition. I see links and analogies and parallels everywhere and I can jump from this train to that with great ease. Indeed if you needed somebody to drive something off topic, I'm your man. This can be incredibly useful when the solution to a problem is not immediately apparent.

But it's just a tool, and if all you have is a hammer then everything starts to look like a nail. And you need a range of tools to suck the marrow out of life, you need all the colours on the palette to paint a full painting. My rapid-fire chaingun connection-making mind comes at the expense of a more deliberate, measured sniper rifle sort of deep thinking. Perhaps I am not skilled at the latter because I invested most of all my points in the former. Perhaps I even developed the chaingun mind as a coping mechanism to avoid having to deal with focused, straightforward thinking- the kind that aims deep, sets a target and goes straight through it.

That's it- sometimes there's no good way around something and you just have to go straight at it with all your focus and effort and energy. You have to monotask. And I am not equipped to do this, I have not been trained to do this, I am not disposed to do this.

But it is a skillset I must and need to develop. Deep impact comes from deep effort, and skirting around is a parlour trick in comparison. (Well- not always, and I imagine there are people who have the opposite problem, who can't pivot and change gears- the REAL challenge is to find a happy medium, to know the right tool to use in the right context.)

I firmly believe that in the context of human wellness almost everybody is capable of developing almost any non-extreme skill. Anybody can become a kickass sprinter- you won't win the Olympics because you'll be facing the best of the best of the best, but gou can definitely improve by leaps and bounds. Paul Graham said that if you could get somebody to practice drawing deliberately for 20 years you'd be surprised by how far they got. Richard Feynman had an average-ish IQ. The challenge is to apply yourself, which is what I need to learn.

I've been reading and listening to a lot of what Elon Musk had to say- solicit negative feedback, especially from friends. Think in terms of: what needs to happen? What's the business model? Fantastic heuristics to be found all around.

Monotasking. My task here is writing, so even when I get distracted in my train of thought, at least I'm still writing. (I paused there for a second to check my WhatsApp. Lol! That's the problem with talking about what you shouldn't do instead of what you should,  because of the suggestion effect... But I only checked it for a second, was mindful of the distraction and came right back here.  Fuck yeah.)

The cool thing about writing is that it's a record of thoughts, and looking back I get to see the path my mind took. I don't even really have to explain how my mind works, you can see it for yourself by observing my train of thought, what I choose to focus on, how I express myself.  I tend to repeat myself in several different variations, like an unsure artisr who has to use many strokes to draw something. Contrast this with Lee Kuan Yew or Christopher Langan (Outliers) for instance,  both of whom write and speak  in crisp, clear sentences. Those are deliberate sniper style thinkers (Ni rather than Ne, maybe). They say less but there is more value in what they say.

I think preferences do count, and you shouldn't force yourself to try to change your personal style altogether. Rather, you experiment with something different then sit back and see how it influences your personal style. I think this is true for all forms of communication and expression.

When I'm doing work- writing posts for poached or my own blog for instance- I'm pretty good at coming up with ideas. I had over 80 drafts on my blog- many of which I combined and published a unsorted thoughts (maybe they'll be useful to somebody).

I am well aware that my present style is suboptimal. Few people want to read this sort of messy, noisy writing. I don't.  Even those that claim they're okay with it would prefer it if it were more consise and punchy (unless the meandering were to serve an explicit purpose). But I stick with it anyway because done is better than perfect and my bullshit perfectionism keeps me from trying.

So this is shitty writing, okay? It's the shitty writing I have to do to get to the good stuff. I upload it because I'm an exhibitionist, because you never know who's going to stumble on it and find it relevant to whatever they're going through.  You never know who's going to offer you a job, or ask you out, or become a part of your life in a self-selected way- which is the best kind, because then you know more clearly that it isn't a display of social obligation but a sincere communication of genuine love. (I suppose this might change if a blog gets so popular that the comments section develop into a community- but that is not an issue for me, and it's not something I have to worry about.

In the meantime I deeply cherish the conversations I have here (or were initiated through contact here) and it is no exaggeration to say that the decision to blog might be the best decision I made in my life. It's never just a single decision, of course. It's a series of little ones, day in day out. Sometimes you leave it for an extended period of time. Sometimes it feels like it's not even in your hands- it comes to you when it will and all you can do is just show up. Be present. Allow it to pass through you, the mortal, the conduit. It's deeply humbling when you really get into it.

You're not punished for your ego, you're punished by your ego. Because it deprives you of the real magnificence of existence, and it burdens you with anxiety to deliver (which keeps you from taking the risks you need to take to do your best work) and a constant need to measure up, to be okay, to avoid failure, to not be mocked, to not be seen with mud on your face. Embrace it! Embrace the suck! Where did this fear and anxiety come from? Why are we scared and cold and shaking? It's bad for health, in every imaginable sense. We don't need to be so conflicted. We don't need to be so torn at being conflicted. Breathe. Breathing is a  privilege.

I wonder where that just came from. Lol. Battery is getting lower. I'm reaching work soon. A little bit tired and sleepy. Need to hydrate. I brought my facewash home and forgot to bring our back. I need to buy a light bulb and plastic bags and take a passport photo and do some credit card paperwork. I can save all of that for later.

Now I need to get to work and I need to monotask. To quickly figure out what my priorities are and what the most optimal tasks are and execute them. No pressure.  I'm entirely capable. Our fear is not that we are weak but powerful beyond measure- there's a cognitive dissonance there because it means that we might have been wrong all along, that we might have been 'under-living'. Like the grandma who lifted a car to save her grandson, then wondered how her life might have turned out differently if she had rejected the voice in her head ("You can't do it!") earlier.

I experienced the same thing with my writing during my signals course. I wrote so much then, with pen and paper, that it seemed like I had been writing at 10% of my max capacity, or less. What did I do with that knowledge?  Nothing. I wrote it off as a bizzare anomaly. It was too uncomfortable to acknowledge that all I had to do to write more was to do it offline, or to do vomits without editing. It would have meant that I was a bumbling idiot and I didn't like being a bumbling idiot. So I ignored it. I ignored data that could have greatly accelerated my progress as a writer and thinker, which in turn might be useful to others. So I denied the universe ideas and perspectives (that don't belong to me) because of my own selfish ego. That's a pretty sad thought.
After that I went to watch Man of Steel with the wife (beautiful movie), and on the way home I found myself thinking- wow, I'm really bad at managing my own time. I'm really bad at managing my own energy. These are things that I'm going to have to figure out, things that 20 years down the line might either make me proud or disappointed on hindsight. Sure, on one level it's important to accept yourself without resentment or frustration, but being kind to yourself works both ways- you have to be kind both backwards and forwards, and I haven't been very kind looking forward. To use an old heuristic, I haven't been very kind to Tomorrow-Visa, and that's not very fair to him, because he'll probably be kind to me (I can reasonably infer, from how yesterday's Tomorrow-Visa treats the past Visa.)

Not only did I barely get any quality work done, my commutes were unproductive. (I've pretty much decided that I'm going to spend my morning and evening commutes to and from work doing word vomits, but the past two days were exceptions- the first because I was figuring out what to do with my 1-1, the next 3 commutes because I was tired, overwhelmed, not in a conducive state of mind.

"Not in a conducive state of mind" is an understandable reason in a given circumstance, but it is my personal responsibility to create that conducive state of mind as much as possible. I have to manage myself and my time in a way that yields my best work. There's this negative vicious cycle of procrastination and anxiety that emerges when you have a lousy state of mind because you didn't manage your health, time and emotions properly, and then you can't do much work, and then your unproductivity further justifies and prolongs the ineffectual, reactive and un-aware state of mind. I become a passive participant in my own life, subject to the forces of both the internal (anxiety, hubris and lizard-brain thoughts) and the external (distractions designed to steal your unsuspecting and unmanaged attention). It's a little pathetic.

So there's a need for a reset from time to time, and a better fundamental system over the long run. Feels like I'm talking about broader society or something, but all I can talk about is the complex (but not complicated) system that is my own mind. So the reset was good sleep, and the better fundamental system would be borne out of attentiveness, mindfulness, presence. I am awake and lucid and I am writing. I reminded myself before I slept that I have the best opportunity of my life to do powerful, meaningful work and I've been squandering it (by my standards) on frivolous distractions because a part of me is afraid, a part of me wants to justify and validate my own limiting beliefs, because like Seth says, we don't want to be responsible for massive failures (being responsible for "I didn't do well because I didn't study" is more comforting and easy in the short run than "I didn't do well because I tried my best and still suck." But in the long run it's a source of anxiety because it's simply NOT TRUE.)

There are no profound insights here, I'm just trying to build this newer and more optimal mental subroutine of awareness. I need to remind myself to be grateful to my circumstances, and of the nefariousness of the lizard brain that's afraid to do real, meaningful and responsible work. And I need to do justice to my future-self, and to the people who that future-self would be able to help if I play my cards right.

I'm not saying anything new here, and again there's a constant need for repetition. It's the mental equivalent of practicing a musical passage over and over again until you get it right, until you feel it in your bones and you internalize it and you don't need to be conscious of it. I built a fitness routine (momentarily disrupted because of my Remedial Training, but I love it and I'm getting right back into it once my RT ends) where I do a little workout when I wake up, and when I get home from work- I tie it to my showers, and it's something I had to do without having to make the decision over and over again. Decide once, decide deliberately, then trust yourself and execute.

The path of procrastination and anxiety and irresponsibility is built on a foundation that's unable to trust oneself. It's almost a rational hedge against deliberate failure. You hope for random value from random pursuits because that seems likelier than the "certain" failure sure to ensue when you know

Nobody taught me how to be responsible. Being punished for being irresponsible never taught me very much, except that maybe I'm an irresponsible person who deserves to disappoint people, to be punished, mocked, embarrassed. But there are people in my life who ARE responsible (Lerp, Ling, Xavier, Brandon, Jade, Dinesh), and I'm hell-fucking-bent on learning from their example. There is no middle-ground or alternative here. This isn't some magical thing I have to discover in a vaccuum. This is something that, on my good days, I can clearly see and understand. It works. It's not that complicated. It's a simple thing that needs to be practiced to the point where I can execute it on my bad days, just as I could exercise even when tired- because it's so internalized, so natural.

The only good habits I developed were- a love of reading, a love of writing, a habit of resolving conflicts where possible, a habit of calming down quickly in rough/angry situations... I'm sure I can channel this towards being generally responsible. 10 years from now I want to be a goddam responsible person, more so than I want to be "smart" or "witty" or "funny".

I cannot make projections. But I can commit to today. I'm going to spend some time in my mind reinforcing these emotions, this subroutine. In a few minutes I'm going to wake up the wife and we're going to the bank to run some errands. And then I'm going to go to work, and I'm going to do some real kickass quality work, because people are counting on me to deliver, and I am person who is responsible.

Motherfuckers.
I know, the age-old solution to that is to realize that not trying, not doing, not living... that's the bigger failure. To live so safely that you never fail at anything, never leave your comfort zone, that's failure by default. JK Rowling spoke about this. Well whoop-de-do, we're surrounded by failure and life is all about surviving failure with undiminished enthusiasm (Churchill). Not about how hard you hit but how hard you get hit and keep moving forward (Rocky 4). Okay. So?

I think what works for me is... to figure out what's "meant" for you (and this is an answer to the second question more than the first), you'll need access to data about yourself over an extended period of time. You can't trust yourself and you can't trust your friends, because people are susceptible to narrative fallacies and we'll create a story that fits, that feels right, and then we'll rationalize whatever we come up with after-the-fact. This isn't very helpful because it doesn't correspond very closely with reality- only our vision of reality, our maps, not the territory.

This is where I think records come in really handy. Old journals, old blogs, old history on Facebook and Twitter. See, we reconstruct our memories and our identities at every given instance to suit the narrative that we create for ourselves. Journals and records don't do that, and so they give us, on hindsight, a powerful insight into our changing nature. They reveal to us how much we have changed, despite us alwaya feeling like we're more or less the same as we've always been.

I'll be direct and talk about what I know instead of making big statements like these (I can only speak for myself). I have a Livejournal from about 2004, and I have written journals from my National Service days between 2010 and 2012. I was tempted to get rid of my journals because it'll feel like a fresh start- there's a whole bunch of to-do lists and bucket lists and stuff in there and it can be tiresome to live in the past.

At the same time, the past can be invigorating. You start to see patterns that hint at bits of your identity. Identity that isn't typically at the front of your mind. You start to see what inspires you, what troubles you, what you're good at, what you're bad at, what your persistent desires and fears are.

At the simplest, I'll put it as thus: several years of journaling will reveal to you how much you've changed in some aspects, and in others, how much you've stayed the same. The former is humbling, and it reminds you that the futurw is likely to look very different from whatever plans you might make, whetever ideas you might have.

The latter is perhaps more interesting- it allows you to make some reasonable assumptions and projections about yourself. That's the water question. The rocks change- your friends, your job, your home, your marital status- but the water doesn't. I still have the same questions. I still ponder the same things. I still daydream about the same things. I still get excited by the same things (once you adjust for the lower-bound of mediocre day-to-day stuff and pay attention to the out-of-ballpark hits).

So failure en route to getting good, and making a meaningful difference: you don't want to be selfish, but you have to find something you enjoy doing so much that you'd do it even if you're never going to be amazing at it. Your own inner state counts. You have to really find what you love,  and you find that out by looking back at what wrenched your heart.

Writing is a joy for me even though I suck at it. And so I will keep writing even if my readership never increases, even if nobody ever cares to respond (or if responses are negative!). I write because it is cathartic to me.

So I never answered what a blog is for. Lol. It's amusing to observe the meandering nature of my thoughts- I'm not doing this with any ulterior motive, this is just how my mind seems to work. A blog is a 'superstructure' of the mind. It is a tool of exploration and inquiry that is embedded in the broader ecosystem of the internet. A blog is for thinking and learning. You might not necessarily use yours as such, but I'm talking to the self-selected audience that's still reading this for some odd reason.

A blog is for reaching out to a self-selected audience. Rather than searching for connection, you allow other travellers to find you. And they will find you when they are ready,  when they are interested, curious. You draw the conversations to yourself, and you're guaranteed (unless you become super-famous) of sincerity.

The analogy I'd draw is the relationship between a musician and her fans in a smoky bar,  or on the street- there are no pretenses, you're here for the music, not for some proxy-social-utility like at a jazz performance at some esteemed cultural centre. I'm not knocking the latter (I used to, because I was more insecure then than I am now, and I couldn't define myself without first lashing out at the road not travelled). Actually even tiny local music scenes have silly politics and social complexities to navigate. .. so the 'it's all about the music, folks' statement crumbles a little bit under scrutiny. I think people will always be people in that regard. But hey, whatever- as long as you're doing what you love.

All of this is rationalization after the fact. My way of saying that I love thinking, I love writing, I love blogging, I'm happy about doing what I'm doing. I started out writing this in a state of anxiety and frustration but I feel bettee now, and maybe that's a big part of why I write. Fair enough.

Acknowledging that, I still think that there are vast benefits to expressing yourself through the medium of a blog- it allows you to think and learn and refine your thoughts in circumstances that are really quite remarkable. Anybody can share your thoughts and ideas with anybody else in the world at any time, even after you're dead! It's a truly sick way of taking advantage of technology to connect with a vast human network and it still kind of confuses me that so few people do this, and stick with it.

Your body of work is your real legacy in the world (apart fron your relationships, and children if you have them). The internet is searchable. That means you no longer have to guess what people want. You can just put it all out there and let them find what they want. You can pay attention to the statistics of what gets shared, and you develop an insight into what they want, and you can build on that. Facebook discussions are limited by your social network and the mechanisms of the Facebook platform- people don't share Facebook discussions on Twitter. (If they do, they screenshot it or copy  and paste it into some site and then share it. Might as well it be on a blog so people can explore and navigate.)

I think my most fundamental impulse was a desire to create a space that was mine, yet could be shared with and explored by others.

I manage the ReferralCandy blog at work and I've been using it as a tool of exploration. I really like the idea of how you might create a blog for a specific purpose, then find that it sort of takes on a life of its own... I imagine that in the process of articulating thoughts you refine them, and refined thoughts that correspond with reality are,  I think,  very very valuable. And even if they aren't,  you know what,  it's fun. I'm having fun. Not gonna stop. There ain't no gettin' offa this train!

I think this post made less sense than usual but I had to get it out. Just reached work.
Could I make better use of 40 hours of time? Hypothetically, sure. Realistically, if I had done my IPPT and gotten it out of the way, I would waste my hours stoning on the internet. I only protest the waste of my time when it's because of external circumstances. Time I waste myself is completely okay. (Until something bad happens, and I find myself horribly unprepared and ill-equipped- then I resent myself for not practicing, not working out, not doing the reading,  etc.)

I'm not talking about pleasurable downtime, by the way. That's beautiful. The apple cider you have after a hard day of productive work is very different from binge drinking every day because you have nothing better to do with your life.

I find myself thinking about national service. I've been meaning to put together a little guide for NSFs trying to figure out how to make the most of their 2 years of NS, but I've been fraught by perfectionism. I should probably just ship out a minimum viable post and just add to it over time.

I think one of the best ways to deal with NS, and RT, is to be determined to make the most of it. I think the same applies to JC too, but I was too blindly idealistic then, and naive, and ignorant and egocentric. It was my way or the highway- and so it was the highway. You can't try to out-stubborn life into having your own way. Life is ruthless and it will beat you down mercilessly.

I went into NS deciding to make the most of the experience. It turned out to be rather bland and unfulfilling for me, so I was determined to do the minimum possible (without getting into trouble, of course) and do as much as I could've outside of NS. On hindsight I could've done more, but hindsight is always 20/20. I spent some great quality time with friends, I did quite a bit of reading and writing- I read Lost Illusions, The Black Swan, Carl Sagan's biography, Soul Made Flesh, Norwegian Wood, Plato's Republic and a bunch of other great books. I wrote a whole lot on my blog. I built an online community, all sorts of good stuff. I was hoping to be an officer, actually- to become a more responsible and respectable person, but I was unable to because of medical reasons. Man, the medical nonsense I went through was pretty hilarious on hindsight. But that's the price of running a citozrm army I guess. I'm not going to complain about that. It is what it is.

I should consolidate that elsewhere. So I'm determined to make the most of these 40 hours. I've cut out fitness from the rest of my life in the meantime (though I thoroughly plan to resume it once RT ends). I'm approaching it as a meditative process- 20 sessions of two hours of quiet, still mind. I'm determined to extract all the value I can from that.

That said, the bigger question and challenge is- how do I get the most out of life at a broader level, rather than within the context of RT? If I had simply done my IPPT and saved these 40 hours, what could I have done with the time that would've been superior?

A big part of life is learning to appreciate the scenery on a detour- but we can't spend our time continuously making detour after detour. If we can minimize unnecessary detours, surely we should? I'm aware of the "life is what happens when you're busy making other plans" school of thought and I understand the value and importance of serendipity- but great serendipity and great detours happen when the road you're on is great to begin with. I don't believe in spending all of one's time planning- everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face. But to just drift with the wind strikes me as suboptimal.

Alright, just done with RT. You know, I've had this thought a few times, and it was especially poignant when I was volunteering in prison- that prison, NS and now RT- it's kinda good for sone people. For some people, it could be lifechanging,  even life saving. Think about the ultra fat kid who becomes fit during NS- we all know a guy like that. Not everybody makes that transformation, and not everybody sticks to it- in fact many fit people fall off the wagon in the middle of life somewhere.

This is a point I have to make very carefully. People can benefit from structure and routine. In the absence of good routines we fall into bad ones.  Let's not overcomplicate this- I've noticed that my life seems to fall into place a lot better when I've been writing. If I haven't been writing, I get edgy and cranky and I struggle to focus on any other task I might be obliged to do. This can be incredibly frustrating and painful, and the "lack of structure" screws up my pattern. On the other hand, if I've been writing, I kind of breeze through the day with more clarity and confidence.

So all else held constant, if I had some sort of structure/routine (and I'm building one) for keeping me on track with my writing, I'd be better off as a person. I'm pretty sure that this applies to multiple circumstances, not just writing.
But lately I've been experiencing a sort of Facebook fatigue- it kind of feels like when you've been smoking too much and your nose and throat hurt... There's definitely an element of addiction or overuse, and I think a part of my mind is protesting- something has been keeping me from doing my best work.

I'm noticing the opposite effect with my word vomits. When I write on the train on the way to work- which I'm doing right now- I experience a certain refinement and clarity of thought. This is the opposite of what I experience with Facebook, which has a dithering, scattering, diffusing effect. Vomits are like caffeine and Facebook is like alcohol. I'm not sure if it's possible to "over vomit", though. I think maybe vomits are closer to exercise and Facebook is closer to masturbation. I'm not knocking on Facebook, I think it can be really useful and you can learn a lot about yourself and about others and there are all sorts of benefits but it cannot and should not distract from doing creative, productive work!

I was watching an interview yesterday, a conversation between Tim Ferriss and Neil Strauss. It was an hour long, and as with most such long videos, it's hard if not impossible to find transcripts and good analysis/commentary online. I imagine I could get quite a lot done if I just wrote commentary on long videos. There's a long video about the GEP in Singapore. There's a long video about Singaporean politics by political professors, and it was filmed in some Australian university and there were barely a hundred views if I remember correctly. It's always sad when you see a super long video with no transcript and barely any views. Same for books and blogposts. (These vomits technically fall under that category, but I write these for myself, not for public consumption, and I do plan to perhaps condense and crystalize my thoughts at a later date.  This is like the first draft of a large project that I don't even know anything about).

It's funny again to think about the mental states- when I write things like this I find myself thinking, man, there's so much I need to do. But this isn't a consistent experience. It needs to be renewed everyday- and I'm doing that now with these vomits so Yay me. If my hypothesis is correct,  just doing these vomits everyday should keep me a little more on track, a little more in line with my goals. We shall see.

Halfway to work. Just missed my connecting train. My body is quite nicely sore from the remedial training I had yesterday. I wonder if yesterday's post on the way home hit my 1000 word target. I'm going to pause to clear my mind.

Got it. So the Ferriss/Strauss video again- Strauss talked about the importance of always assuming that nobody is interested in what you have to say, and that your job with each and every word, sentence and paragraph is to make them care- to earn their interest, to wrench their precious attention from them. This is incredibly hard work! It involves being really ruthless with yourself- you'll have to kill your babies. But if you're serious about engaging people then it's what you're going to have to do.

Which brings me to some fun abstract thoughts about reality and reality-distortion. Steve Jobs was described as having a reality-distortion field that allowed him to make things that didn't previously exist. This applies to lots of founders, CEOs, entrepreneurs throughout the ages,  even artists and writers and musicians- how do you seriously have faith in the value of something that does not yet exist? How do you believe in your vision for reality, for the future?

That's a gold star question in my book. How do you make something, and before you make it, know that it will resonate with people? Consider Ford's faster horses vs. automobile argument. How did he know he wasn't full of shit? I'm thinking now of what somebody said- might've been Paul Graham- about how the best ideas (for massive success) are the good ideas that look like bad ideas.

Is massive success something that you can or should deliberately aim for? I think that idea is a distraction that appeals to the lizard brain- the lottery ticket. All we can deliberately aim for is to regularly and consistently put out great ass-kicking work. A constant refinement of self. You can't control the world but you can control yourself.

I believe this is where Elon Musk's First Principles come in (I have no idea what I'm talking about yet). There are many things you have no idea about- you don't even have an idea of what you have no idea about. But if you develop a deep knowledge of the things you care about then you are in a better position, statistically, to end up doing something great. So it's a lot like poker (though surely far more complex). You have to keep progressively getting yourself into a better and better position, with the right skillset and the right opportunities.

The large social events are typically a waste of time, in my humble opinion. Clubbing is outright lame. Small groups of conversations are where they're at. 5-8 people. This can probably be done systematically, to great success. I don't know. We'll see.

Getting a little sleepy and yawn-y. I wonder why. I had pretty decent sleep last night.

On top of Facebook fatigue I've been developing a current affairs fatigue. I find myself turned off by the news cycle. I think I should take some time to reacquaint myself with stuff that's more permanent and lasting, read up some Seneca and Montaigne or some of my books on my shelf.

I am not tired, I have no time to be tired. Today shall be a good day. Will calendar. (My way of 'what gets measured gets managed'). Have not been calendaring. Hypothesis is that calendaring should improve my self-management just as much as my vomits, if not more. We shall see.

Let's see, what else is there to talk about. I'm trying to figure out how to get myself viscerally grounded in the broader ecosystems that I'm a part of- to take more ownership of my position and use that as leverage to do greater things. I'm blessed to be working in a company where my efforts have a very real and direct impact on our circumstances- so it's not like I'm being paid to do factory-line stuff regardless of the quality of my work. The better my work, the more power I accrue to my organization, the more fun and awesome stuff we'll get to do. There really are no limits but the ones inside my head.

So let's tackle those. What are they? What's stopping me from doing more amazing stuff? If I can solve this for work I can solve this for my personal life too, and vice versa. The first step is probably just getting into this state ans having this conversation with myself, day in, day out. It might seem repetitive, but it's not as repetitive as the anxiety and frustration I used to feel and do still feel from time to time as a consequence of my procrastination, fear, underachievement.

Repetition might not be the best way of changing things but it works, I think, and done is better than perfect. The okay path you head down is better than the perfect one you don't.

Stuff thst naturally drifts into my mind- have a plan, if you fail to plan you plan to fail. Structure is good, you need structure. Ok so I need like a timeline of things that have to come out. I need deadlines, deadlines good. I need focus, focus good. I need to practice mindfulness and meditation. Word vomits are powerful in helping me clear my mind and so I need to do them everyday. Twice a day in fact. Need to stay fit need to stay hydrated and need to sleep early. I need to become someone worth working with, and I need better things to say when somebody asks me what I'm working on. What am I working on? I'm trying to help online merchants and retailers sell better. I'm trying to be a force for superior content, for stuff worth talking about, stuff that's beautiful, valuable, useful, memorable. I'm channeling Seth Godin quite a bit but I don't care as long as the content is good. I'll develop my own voice soon enough.

I think it's important to ask good questions. Let's take a stab at them.

What is a blog for? It's a superstructure for accelerated thinking and learning through articulation of thoughts and ideas.

What is the internet for? It's a medium for communication and sharing stuff that's useful.

What is commerce for? For economic agents to solve problems and fulfill needs.

What is marketing for? To communicate value.

What is ecommerce for? To do commerce in a manner that is more connected and convenient at a global scale.

What is a referral? It's a sharing of information that is socially useful- I bought this, this is great, you should try it. Try my doctor. Check out this band. Hey, I know a guy.

What are referral programs for? To encourage the naturally occurring (and socially beneficial) behaviour of referrals, to make it more deliberate and systematic, and less reliant on randomness. (They don't work if the product doesn't deliver on its promise.)

What is ReferralCandy for? To build automated referral programs for online stores so they can get the benefits of referral programs without having to manually manage all that data and information... freeing up time and energy to focus on building awesome products.

What am I in ReferralCandy for? To help accelerate growth of ReferralCandy (the software, and the brand) in the ecommerce marketplace. To do marketing (communicate value). This means getting more retailers to use our product to boost their sales and spread the love among their customers.

At higher levels, it means helping to refine and improve our product so that it works better for our retailers. This means improving copy across the board, it means understanding the product inside out.

I'm not an engineer, so I think my role (as per optimal division of labour) is to help people better understand how referral programs work. Before selling automated referral programs, I need to sell referral programs period. They work. How do they work? Why so they work? These are questions everybody should be able to answer. I think that should be a part of my job. If you don't understand referral marketing, I'm not doing my job.

Once we've got that settled, the value of an automated referral program is practically self-evident.

On top of selling the idea of referral marketing, and selling the product that is an automated referral program, growth for RC means selling ourselves. Selling a relationship with us. (That always sounds so transactional when it's laid out like that, but that's why people pay more for brands they trust.) It has to be a real human promise of quality that is delivered, fulfilled. I'm interpreting this to be- we have to be trustworthy and reliable. We have to respond to queries and troubleshooting and feedback. (Our engineers and customer support folk handle this beautifully, and I want to help- ideally further up the chain, so that fewer queries are necessary at all.)

Being trustworthy means being honest and real, and the first thing that comes to my mind is acknowledging weakness. Have we got the best piece of automated referral software around? We sincerely believe we do, in the specific space of the marketplace that we're operating in. If you're a massive mega-brand with mega-brand customization needs, we might not be for you. If you're a part-time hobbyist selling stuff for pleasure with almost no profit, we might not be for you.

Also, is an automated referral marketing program necessarily the most important thing you have to have going for you? Quite possibly not, and we'll have to be honest about that with you. The most important thing anybody has to do is typically to build a great product with a great value proposition that fulfills a real need that real people have. Referral marketing doesn't magically increase sales, it simply amplifies the power of word-of-mouth marketing. As a retailer, the first thing you should do is to make that "base score" as high as you can, by building a great product.

So if there's anything you need to do that's more important than having automated referrals, we should point you in the right direction. Because not only should you be able to depend on us for a kickass automated referral solution, you should be able to depend on us for good advice and perspective on building a great business. Because ultimately, we want a sweeter marketplace for everybody- where good businesses flourish, and consumers are well-informed through their network of peers about what's good and what's not.

Questions to revisit and explore and think/write about: What is marketing? What is referral marketing? What's more important than referral marketing?

The argument is that they're unwilling, because they don't seem to mind spending much more money when big names come to town. The implicit assumption that comes to my mind then is that Singaporeans are selfish and suffer from Pinkerton's. Famous ang mohs worth hundreds of dollars. Singaporean creatives, eh, friend friend lah, give discount lah.
other live music venues got fucked too
I suspect that it's not as simple as that, but I'll present more evidence against my nagging suspicion. In the early 2000s there was a gig venue at Middle Road called Gas Haus and it was set up in the hopes of becoming a flourishing live music venue. They kept the barriers low- they even allowed me and my mates to perform there.

What happened? They got swamped by 'scene kids' who were eager to thrash and bang around, yet had no money. The equipment would often get thrashed by unprofessional and disrespectful musicians eager to get their 15 minutes of infamy and rockstardom rather than build a mutually beneficial relationship with the venue.
whose-cock-is-on-my-butt clubs are surviving tho
The fans had no money and would buy drinks from 7-11 instead of the venue itself- a problem that I believe plagues clubs like Zouk and Butter Factory too, but those venues have higher cover charges, the benefit of the illusion of social aspiration (look cool) and rich kids willing to spend big money on bottles of alcohol and VIP tables to lord over lesser mortals. Clubs have a great business model on top of the social and sexual desperation of rich and wish-we-were-rich young folk. A live music venue? None of that stuff.

Today, Gas Haus is gone, and in its place stands a garish and elaborate KTV type place, where rich chinese towkays leer at young hostess girls. Again, a more sustainable business model.
indie cafe also si liao
Let's talk about the Pigeonhole next, which was a beautiful hotbed of social entrepreneurship and activism and live music. It was a little more 'upmarket' than Gas Haus and they built this pleasant indie/hipster atmosphere where you could have pleasant conversations with whoever was having coffee at the table next to you.

I went there to meet an entrepreneur for coffee and I stumbled upon a gathering of Singaporean skeptics and humanists. It was beautiful and I remember thinking, man, the Pigeonhole is a national treasure. Not anymore. They packed up and closed shop because they couldn't afford the rent, despite being much loved by their patrons.

There was an 'underground' venue called Blackhole that I played a show at once and it felt authentically badass- you had to walk through a dark back alley to enter through the rear to get to a show there. I don't know the story, but I believe Blackhole has closed down too.

There's a pattern here,  folks. It's hard to sustain an arts/music place in Singapore by making people pay for it.
comedy is surviving tho, hurr hurr
But what are the other things that survive? Comedy Masala is doing beautifully at Home Club week after week. Where does the money come from? The cover charge is tiny. It probably has to do with the crowd- business/CBD folk come there after work to laugh and have a few beers. They've got money to spend.

The cost of the production is lower, too. All they need is a PA system with a microphone. The night is guaranteed to be entertaining, week after week. The club had always been packed to capacity when I'm there, two to three times more than the best crowds I witnessed when playing or watching live music at Home Club.

Live music costs more, too- there's more people per act and there's a bunch of equipment to worry about. If I wanted to restart my career as an entertainer, I'd pick comedy over music. There's less stuff to carry, it's over quicker, you sweat less and you get better feedback to improve your act with.

Okay so comedy is doing well, clubs are doing well, KTVs are doing well. Bookstores, jazz clubs and live music venues, not so well. Why? (I was going to say coffeehouses, but recently as a working adult I've discovered all these atas breakfast places that survive well because their clientele are richer Singaporeans and foreigners who want and can afford to pamper and indulge themselves. )
yes i paid to watch esperanza spalding
Why? What's the difference? I paid 50, 60 bucks for Esperanza Spalding, yet I've never actually paid any amount to watch Jeremy Monteiro and gang. Why?

I think it has to do with the idea of the experience and what value that experience has in the past, present and future. By that I mean to say- If you buy Metallica tickets, you're paying for the anticipation of watching them, you're paying for the experience of watching them, and a lot of what you're paying for is the memory of having watched them, and the opportunity to reminisce with your friends a decade from now about how awesome or horrible Metallica was. You pay to be excited, to hopefully be entertained, and to create memories.
if you're not famous you better be entertaining
It's going to be hard to sell a jazz performance as it is. I can always listen to good music on youtube, watch live performances there. You're going to have to compete with every band that's ever performed!

How do comedy clubs deal with this? Comedy shows are highly personalized. The comics make fun of the people in the front row and you can look at them get embarrassed. It's recreated new everytime. The jokes might not be the best in the world but they're current and fresh. You're pretty much guaranteed of a good time, and it's something you'll twll your friends about and drag them along to.
crazy albino guy was entertaining
I can't speak for jazz, but I can talk about local rock stuff... few musicians aim to be entertaining. I was a big fan of Ronin because they were often entertaining- you'd never know what crazy shit they were going to do next. The frontman would inevitably say some scandalous things about politics ot current affairs (Tammy NYP, James Gomez, once I remember he kissed a random girl in the crowd).

There was almost always some disagreement or scuffle with the organizers- at a Temasek Secondary event, the band circumvented the organizers' feeble attempt to get people seated, and roused the crowd into a chaotic frenzy. (Some guy fell from a chair and broke his leg.) I'm not saying that these are good things to do, but the point is that you have to be goddamn entertaining to survive and a lot of local bands simply aren't.

There was a band called Cockpit that was hilariously entertaining, I'd pay to watch them again. Highly-technical bands can be cool to watch, but I'm biased because I play an instrument- and that's a really, really hard crowd to play to. And it's a small one, too. Only makes sense if your life goal is truly to push the boundaries of your instrument.

I think a lot of musicians don't really know what they want. Many want to be on stage and they want an adoring crowd, but you don't get that just by wanting or wishing it- just as you don't build a successful business by wanting people to buy your products. You have to get a lot more specific than that. What's in it for them? That they get to watch you?
Nobody cares about you.
Whether you're a writer or a musician or an artist or a banker- nobody cares about you. They only care about what you can do for them. So what can musicians do for you? Play you some music? No thanks lol, again, there's some great shit on youtube.

If you want my money you're going to have to create an experience for me that's compelling and unique. Make me laugh, make me cry, make me dance, make me pump my fist in the air, make me lust after your beautiful band members (this is a legitimate form of entertaining), blow my mind, give me something awesome to tell my friends about. It's not so complicated. Think less about you and think more about me (your potential audience member). How are you going to give me something I simply have to have?
einstein didn't make money doing physics
Shit I haven't said anything about business... I think the idea that you have to make money from your art from day one is stupid and flawed and just bad. Rod Stewart was a grave digger. Einstein worked at a patent office. Get a day job, save as much money as you possibly can, and spenf all of your spare time and energy working on your craft. A lot of people list "being paid to do whey I love" as their measure of success. I don't buy that.

Writing is my passion and I don't actually want to be paid to do it. In fact I think life might be easier if I decide in advance that I'm never going to write-for-money. I'll write, and if the money comes, great. But I'm going to build my life around the assumption that nobody cares about my writing and nobody's ever going to pay me for it. You know how I'm writing this? I'm writing this on the crowded train while the guy next to me is playing Candy Crush.

I've taken up a couple of paid writing gigs in the past and I really didn't like it. (I played covers in a bar band for money for a while and I did enjoy that.) I love writing so much that I'll write for the rest of my life even if I know I'm never going to be paid for it. So maybe I'll get good enough at it that people will pay to read what I write. But I get my money elsewhere.
do what you love, make money elsewhere first
I don't see why you need to make a living as a musician. Why not make a living doing something people will pay you for- copywriting, marketing, emceeing, whatever... and then do what you love because you love it? The idea that "I'm not getting paid for this" is intrinsically, necessarily bad strikes me as myopic and inconsistent with reality. Find out what people will pay you to do, and do that,  and do what you love.

I think we'll see a move to micropatronship- watch Amanda Palmer's TEDtalk to get a sense of it. Louis CK, Radiohead.
louis ck knows how this shit works
Here's an excerpt from Louis CK's interview with the NYTimes.

Does it matter that what you’ve achieved, with your online special, and your tour can’t be replicated by other performers who don’t have the visibility or fan base that you do?

Why do you think those people don’t have the same resources that I have, the same visibility or relationship? What’s different between me and them?

You have the platform. You have the level of recognition.

So why do I have the platform and the recognition?

At this point you’ve put in the time.

There you go. There’s no way around that. There’s people that say: “It’s not fair. You have all that stuff.” I wasn’t born with it. It was a horrible process to get to this. It took me my whole life. If you’re new at this — and by “new at it,” I mean 15 years in, or even 20 — you’re just starting to get traction. Young musicians believe they should be able to throw a band together and be famous, and anything that’s in their way is unfair and evil. What are you, in your 20s, you picked up a guitar? Give it a minute.

Reality doesn't owe us anything. We can complain about it or learn to navigate it. Your call.
watch and read and learn
Here's a guy who makes a full-time living on micropatronship on his blog

Here's Amanda Palmer's TED talk (if you hate her, do better than her.)

Here's an essay from Paul Graham on How To Do What You Love

A marketplace is a network of relationships where goods and services (and ideas) are exchanged. There are certain rules of engagement that emerge that we take for granted- rule of law, the value of money, financial services, and so on.

If marketing is the communication of value, what is communication and what is value? How is value agreed upon and how is it communicated?

Marketing happens even in a world without marketing professionals. Everybody is a marketer. Everybody is communicating value every single day with almost every single action we take. The role of a marketing professional, or of marketing itself in the context of this discussion, is to hack the process. To make it something that is deliberate and understandable rather than vague and happenstance. You could say that a marketer is an idea-communications-hacker, but ew, what an ugly term.

Marketing doesn't happen in a vacuum. Marketing is about the spreading of an idea. We are all idea-peddlers whether we like it or not, whether we realize it or not. We all have things that we like and don't like, and we're all communicating our version of reality to ourselves and one another all the time.

I dare say that effectiveness in this regard is fundamental to the flourishing of a human individual. Being able to influence reality by communicating ideas in a manner that's persuasive. That's very empowering. Imagine if you could have all your ideas and perspectives well-understood and appreciated by everybody around you. What would that be like?

Of course, nobody is always right all the time, and you may discover that your ideas and perspectives are actually shit- they don't correspond with reality and they aren't useful or meaningful to people. There's a slight possibility that you might simply be decades ahead of your time, but more often than not you need to revise your ideas. Bad marketers refuse to do this, and that's where we get terms like "spin-doctors". Communication is a two-way process and you can't simply force your ideas and products down people's throats- you have to find out what they want (and often, as Ford and Jobs have pointed out, people don't actually know what exactly they want). You have to find out what they want and give it to them.

That's the exciting challenge of marketing- done right, it means making the world a better place. The problem is that few people are willing to sit down and yield themselves to this process beyond their immediate wants- you want more sales so you hire a marketer and ask her to help you force your shitty product down more people's throats. I think an enlightened marketer needs to say, first and foremost, that I cannot and will not sell something that I don't personally believe is a good thing.

This isn't idealistic kumbayah stuff- good marketing is grounded in real value. We could get into a discussion about what real value is, I guess. I'll just say that where I stand,  it makes far more sense to market electric cars than it does to market tobacco products.

But you know what, marketers aren't at the frontlines of marketing either product. Jimmy Wales said on Quora that a Tesla is more prestigious than a Rolls-Royce or a Bentley. Tony Stark drove off at the end of The Avengers in a Tesla roadster. I'm not sure if Tesla paid for the shout-out in the latter, but they surely didn't in the former. (Well... it could be complicated. Maybe Jimmy Wales owns Tesla stock. But the question then arises- IF Jimbo has Tesla stock, why did he buy it? Nobody paid him to do it- the Tesla itself did it. Elon Musk did it just by being Elon Musk.)

Same for cigarettes- most people pick up smoking (I did, anyway) because of peer influence. Tobacco companies didn't pay my friends to smoke. Create something compelling enough and people will pay YOU for the privilege of talking about your product and your ideas. BMW has a marketing department called engineering.

Marketing is the communicating of value, and lots of people naturally distrust most marketers. (I could be gloriously wrong about this. You coukd survey people and find that they say they distrust marketers, but find that their purchasing decisions tell a different story.) Okay so maybe people will say that they're distrustful of marketers, but they're still influenced by familiarity and recency. Oreo has put out some witty advertising on their Facebook page lately. I might say that this has no influence on whether I buy some Oreo soon or not, but I could be totally wrong.

But here's the point I really wanted to make- whether people listen to marketers or not, people definitely listen to their friends. We watch the movies that our friends watch, so that we have something to talk about. If value were something that were passed from person to person- a Dawkinsian meme- it would make up the bulk of the collective conversation. This is at the heart of tribe marketing or referral marketing or community marketing... or really,  this is just what marketing is about and was always about.

Marketing is about the communication of value. The bulk of communication isn't b2c but p2p. The goal of every marketer then is to communicate great ideas to people so effectively that they have to talk about it to all their friends. Simple concept, requires a lot of humility and patience and listening to execute. This is why Converse and RedBull make contributions to their communities without demanding sales in return. You can't really force people to buy stuff anymore, if you ever could.

In the land of the idea-peddlers the ideasmith is king. How do you create something that people can share easily? Urban legends spread without any designated marketing effort because they're so damn sticky, visceral, frightening, spooky, troubling... you just have to tell them to other people. The usefulness here is the social utility of a cool story. (Remember that Subway guy who lost a bunch of weight eating Subway everyday? What a memorable story- counterintuitive and compelling.)

Starbucks doesn't pay celebrities to buy their drinks, so why do they keep getting photographed by paparazzi with a Starbucks drink in hand? Starbucks doesn't sell coffee. They're not in the coffee business.

I really do think it's better for the world if everybody understood marketing better. How to craft something that's compelling and worth talking about. The actual craftsmanship is a whole other skillset, but how sad is it to realize that people build stuff (to sell) that others might not care for? I honestly do feel some irritation and annoyance everytime I see a crappy online store because it's such a waste, such a shame. A wasted opportunity to do something exciting and meaningful.

Referral marketing isn't anything new or vogue, it's a boring, simple idea that's worked as long as people have existed.  People tell other people about stuff that they like. The idea of incentivizing that isn't too new either- tell us who referred you and we'll give them a discount. That's called a referral program. What's somewhat new is the development of automated referral programs in ecommerce. And that's what I'm working in. It's fun. Ok I reached work kbye

So what am I excited about? What is the wife excited about? What do Singaporeans have to be excited about? The region? The globe?

Part of what's so great about reading books is the fact that books are rarely written by accident. Books are the result of sustained effort, and it typically takes something deliberate and non-random to make a sustained effort at something. Passion maybe, or deep curiosity and yearning, or obligation and duty. Somehow the end result is something that can be exciting, at least in scope if not in content (because some books and art can be depressing).

That seems a little vague and unwieldy. Perhaps it would be more accurate to say that books and essays are more inspiring than tweets and status updates. But of course I'd say that, wouldn't I, to be consistent with my beliefs? But I used to be somewhat neutral about this, and developed a social media addiction of some sort. I think it's more accurate to say that I have some sort of intrinsic drive to write and share, and social media happens to be the path of least resistance. The problem about the path of least resistance is that it seems to take some resistance to develop quality- it takes pressure to make a diamond, it takes exertion to build muscles.

So that's my point then. Books are born by swimming against the current, the same way diamonds and muscles and businesses are made. Success can be influenced by luck, but the luck only comes into play after the effort. You don't find the life partner or job of your dreams by having it fall into your lap while you're surfing Reddit or playing Minion Rush. (Well you might, in the same sense that you might win the lottery. The odds are heavily against you and it is NOT a winning strategy.)

So books are inspiring because of the effort put in. They're crystallized thought. Social media tends to be disorganized, messy thought that may or may not be useful. One can learn to spot the gems- and I'd like to think that I had developed this ability to a reasonable degree from spending so much time on Facebook and the like- but on hindsight it's not a very optimal strategy. My main gripe is how hard it's been to effectively navigate and search the past in social media. There's a very strong "current affairs" bias on all social media, which makes it very easy to get caught up in whatever's urgent rather than whatever's important. I'm not saying that it's not possible, I'm saying it's just hard not to get swept away in the current. I can't do it.

Lately I've gotten very curious about what I sound like in a vacuum. Of course, it's impossible to ever TRULY be in a vacuum- we're socialized, have cultural biases, we still hear the news from our friends, blah blah blah. But I want to hear who I am and what I have to say away from the hustle and bustle of the social-media-news-cycle. What will I talk about when I'm not trying to make wisecracks every five minutes to get a bunch of Facebook likes?

This line of inquiry is taking me down a path of minimalism. What will I write when I have no access to Facebook or Twitter audiences, who are relatively easier to please, and are never super-engaged to begin with? (I'm not saying that people on social media are silly or stupid or lousy audiences or anything like that. I'm saying that the nature of the medium is such that everybody's swimming too fast to engage anybody else. Again- engagement and discourse is possible, and some people will stop their day to sit down and get embroiled in a passionate argument with you on Facebook- but people do this for entertainment more than anything else. And these are typically not the people you want to be engaging with anyway.

Elon Musk and Steve Jobs and the like ate never going to talk to you on Facebook because they're too busy working on real problems- so if you want to do something that matters you're going to have to get out of there and find them. Get out of the tavern and onto the battlefield. That's my hypothesis.

I'm being deliberately extreme here and I know there are examples of people who are able to strike a balance. Nassim Taleb has some interesting discussions on his Facebook Page. Neil Tyson has a lot of fun and engagement on his Reddit AMAs. But the point is they do this AFTER having done their work. They get on social media to unwind and to have random serendipitous interactions. There are no pretenses about the sugary nature of a social media diet.

Again, maybe its possible to write a novel while spending some time on Reddit every day, just as it's possible to play video games and get straight A's, or eat fast food and have six pack abs. But you have to earn that sort of privilege with work and discipline and I just don't trust myself. I have too much evidence in my personal history to show that I lack focus and discipline. I have reached a stage where I can say- this isn't working for me, I can't trust myself with this. I have to start over from Stage 1.

So I'm cutting things out of my life. One of the major theories that's hardest to test is that you are the sum of the people you spend the most time around. This seems to be the best source of behavioral change for me. I found it much easier to stop smoking when I started work in an office where nobody smokes. I could rationalize it and come up with all sorts of stories and explanations, but consider the simple counter-example: if my boss started smoking, I'd be right back on cancer boulevard.

If there's one thing I'm learning lately, it's that I have far less direct self-control than I'd like to believe or pretend. And once I acknowledge this, a harsh wind blows through my mind and reveals what I've been burying over the years- hundreds if not thousands of examples of a pathological inability to control myself. The "study journal" I kept during my JC days is a striking reminder of how incompetent I was (and am), and how it caused me great pain and anguish. I was constantly afraid, anxious, nervous, insecure. I kind of still am. It becomes a negative cycle- I'd hide the day's failure with lies and distractions, and then pretend (and sincerely believe) that the next day would be different. It invariably wouldn't. It would seem insurmountable, and I'd ultimately give in to a sort of "well, I'm fucked, so be it" attitude. I genuinely believed that my future self would be okay with that, and would figure something out- so here I am, trying to figure it out. I'm a messy, ugly work in progress.

I've always asked- and my parents and teachers often asked- what can be done? How can we help you? Removing immediate distractions didn't work- I always found something else. I knew my parents didn't have the time or energy to police me 24/7, so I'd wait for them to falter and then get right back at it- I recognize parallels between this and the internal dialogue of cigarette addiction. Every smoker simultaneously wants to quit, and doesn't.

Could social pressure have worked? My parents sent me to a tuition center where I became the decaying center of procrastination- I did the least work of anybody else and I inspired others to do the same. Why are you guys working so hard? You might die next week. C'mon let's watch some Friends on Ang's mp3 player. I did sometimes try to do work, but those fleeting moments of inspiration never lasted. However large the spark, the fire never kepr burning. I think I was trying to do too much, to change a lifetime in a single dramatic leap. But fires start small and need kindling and tending, and I somehow never grasped that. I'm still struggling with it. I can only say I've truly experienced that in the inverse sense- becoming a smoker. And maybe writing. You start and you keep at it.

How do you save the rotten apple when it corrupts those around it? Weak metaphor, people are far more complex. But I always had a knack for seeking out the slackers. I avoided associating with people who worked hard in school. They turned me off, somehow. But I wasn't able to seperate my dislike and distrust of academia from the real value of hard work. (I always loved learning- I'd read books under my desk during class even in JC- but I hated school, and I was unfamiliar/uncomfortable with hard work, so I think I combined the two almost by accident.)

Maybe it's as simple as that- not realizing that just because school is lame, hard work doesn't have to be. After all, I do admire people who work hard at things that truly matter to them. I told myself before that nothing truly mattered to me, or that I didn't know what mattered to me, but whatever it is, this is the source of the problem that I need to fix in my life. Nothing else deserves more focus.

That's a valuable question to answer, because if I could do that, I'd be able to do something that eluded my parents, my teachers and myself.  I could formulate a hypothesis and test it on younger people who're now in the same situation that I was then.

It's easy to say what needed to change, but it's the roadmap of that change that's hard to properly define. We all know what's wrong with the world- it's the fixing that's the tough part.

I suppose the first thing is to outline the change. At the extreme end we'd need total behavioural change. That means a different environment, a different peer group.

This gets convoluted though. I know that I'd have resisted drastic change if it were imposed on me against my will. So any such change would have to be rooted in personal choice. I would need a thoughtful peer to advise me- somebody whom I respected and admired, to ask me questions in a socratic way to tease out my inconsistencies.

What do you want to do with your life, Visa? At one point I wanted to try to go to RJC to be with my girlfriend. I hoped to go to VJC or SAJC. I could've maybe gone to CJC but picked NYJC instead for my PAE period. I didn't realize that I had put it as 2nd choice. Frustrated with the travel,  I picked TPJC.

My life might've turned out pretty different if I went to NYJC or CJC. Who knows.

I often acknowledged the importance of studying, doing homework. I kinda assumed I'd end up doing okay in life. When I was in lower primary I think I thought I'd end up in temasek sec, where my sister had been. When I was in the GEP, I started thinking vague abstract thoughts about Cambridge and Oxford. I had no idea what I wanted to do there. It was just the where all my peers seemed to be going, so it seemed ordinary or natural.

I was interested in building websites and video games. Up to this point I think I was moderately all-rounded. Good with words and number patterns, bad with drawing and art (but always with strong ideas about aesthetics that I never fully explored.) I ate a lot of mcdonalds and was actually really unfit- something that wasn't obvious because I was tall and skinny. I played a lot of video games and read a lot of books. I got interested in basketball at some point, after watching slam dunk. (I'd come home from school and watch anime without doing my homework. My parents were too busy to monitor me, and I'd lie to them about having done my work anyway.)

I'd often have teachers calling my parents to tell them about my disappointing work ethic. I was terrified of tamil class and would skip it altogether sometimes. I was that guy who never did his share of groupwork. I'm so sorry.

How do you change all that? The problem ran really deep. My parents sent me for tamil tuition and I didn't do my tuition homework. I needed unfair, ridiculous amounts of supervision that nobody would be able to give.

I'd often go to school worried sick about the homework I hadn't completed.

Ok visa I get it you were a horrible student and a rotten apple of a procrastinator. What could've been done? If my parents locked the computer I'd find some way around it. If my mum made me sit in her office and study- and she drew up all these timetables for me, bless her- I'd diddle my thumbs.

I'd copy homework at school. I found other slackers "like myself", but somehow I took it further then everyone else. I was typically roped in with the troublemakers, but I'm pretty sure I was always the polite one with the least bravado or aggression. I think some teachers still complained that I'd "talk back" to them but I thought I was pretty civil. Lost to history, that one. I do believe my teachers said I was a pleasant boy. I was always big on meaningful class participation if possible- giving presentations, etc.

One theory is that I never learned the value of hard work. I suppose I still don't. I was kicking around this hypothesis about how if you don't know where you're going in life and you don't know what you want, it seems rational not to focus on anything- because then you can blame your lack of trying, which can seem cool, aloof.

Fuck me, I don't care if I flunk out of school. I can work as banquet staff at a hotel and work my way up into a managerial position or something if I really had to. That said I never actually expected to do badly in school. I always scraped by with minimum effort and kind of assumed I always was going to.

A strange moment for me was when I got my mediocre A level results and my parents didn't seem too upset. They were expecting me to fail spectacularly. That was odd. I felt the urge to work really hard in NS and become an officer... but PES E derailed my plans for that.

It's very difficult to reduce my schooling experiences into a nutshell because I had many conflicting perspectives,  which were a source of anxiety for me- an anxiety I'd readily deny because I thought I was so devil-may-care.

Was I? It gets confusing because my parents and teachers were a lot more angry and troubled than I was most of the time. I harbored some resentment about that- I often felt like my parents expected a lot of me simply because I was in the gifted program. When I got kicked out of it, my dad would often introduce me to friends and family as the kid who was gifted but screwed up. Never understood why that was necessary but I guess parents will be parents.

The more I think about it... it's not like I was incredibly ignorant or anything. Intellectually I understood the signalling value of good grades. If I had gotten straight A's I'd probably have gone into law. Would I be happier there? Who knows, man? I think I'd be miserable, but I'm obviously rationalizing it. Realistically I'd probably get away with doing as little as possible and her a shitty degree and work at a third rate law firm or something.

Who knows. My lackadaisical, irreverent attitude towards hard work is such a core tenet of my being that giving it up seems like it's going to be harder than quitting Facebook or even smoking. The "slacker life" has immense appeal to me, immense negotiating power and persuasive skill. Everytime I decide to work hard at something, it becomes a case of the devil you know against the devil you don't. Immediate payoff versus possible failure and rejection and mockery. Also school was never that interesting. But I didn't do the work even when it was relatively interesting. Games were just MORE interesting,  maybe.

But hey, I didn't really work that hard as a musician either. Or video games. I'd sit for hours doing the same thing over and over again. Once I found sonething that worked I'd typically stick with it. Why maximise pleasure when you can minimise discomfort? Something like that.

When I playes in a band I worked really hard at promoting us. I'd spend a lot of time socializing and talking to potential fans online. I've always had this impulse to share and have conversations. I always took people very seriously and tried to engage them as deeply as possible- I'd look at their profiles for cues, stuff like that. I never really applied that sort of rigor to my actual musicianship or to our songwriting and performance as a band.

To be fair, we were kids and we really just wanted to have fun. But we also had ambitions for greatness but we didn't act on it very well. We should have practiced more and written more together. I think we didn't fully appreciate or understand the potential of that. My guitarist is/was a slacker just like myself, and my drummer was a powerhouse with little variable speed or volume. We were typically too loud and too fast with a poor sense of beat and groove.  What we had was flair and enthusiasm.

On hindsight I think we had a few good shows but more bad ones, and we often went home feeling rather frustrated with our own ineptitude. The same kinda applied to the events venture me and a friend started- we didn't do much research. We got lucky a couple of times, but our lack of preparation eventually killed us. Same for EP recording. My T shirts might've met the same fate if I hadn't been so lucky as to be blessed with a cofounder who's responsible, industrious and proactive.

Which brings me to my best shot yet at behavioural change, identity change. I've said it before but it bears repeating- my work. I'm surrounded by incredibly driven, committed and relentless individuals and I have to pinch myself everyday to realize what an amazing opportunity I've been given. My job simultaneously functions as therapy,  my boss is paying me when I really ought to pay him for the incredible opportunity he's giving me.

Despite all this I sometimes find myself procrastinating at work. I've weeded out the outright bad procrastination- deactivated my Facebook account, saddled myself up to sit next to my boss to keep me from going to distracting sites unrelated to my work. Despite all this... I still procrastinate in softer ways,  like spending way too long on each piece of work I do, and splitting my attention between multiple tasks (which ensures that none of the tasks get completed.) So my inability to focus is some deep rooted shit. It's like being an alcoholic despite being warned about chronic and potentially irreversible liver damage.

So clearly I have a real problem. I say it's a problem because it affects my life. It affects my relationships. It affects my emotional/psychological well-being, which affects my physical well being. Sometimes I can't get a good night's sleep because I'm stressed out by the work I'm not doing, and then I struggle to get out of bed because the day ahead feels like such a burden. And now that I've experienced a bit of this (I was temporarily free from this for quite a bit of NS because I had a completely inconsequential bullshit job), I realize that this was practically the status quo for me in primary school, secondary school and JC. I had gotten accustomed to it, I normalized it.

I developed an elaborate defense mechanism for this which turned me into an evasive, compulsive liar. I'd experience a strange kind of social anxiety while being superficially sociable. I had a bubble of self-worth that was built on empty promises. I was a con artist at a deep, internal level and I believed my own bullshit 95% of the time. The remaining 5%- or 3% or less- was when I was exposed by reality to be a fraud. And it wasn't debilitating. How did I cope with that? Grand promises that I couldn't follow up on,  and further subsequent delusion.

I needed reward for effort, not results. I needed responsibilities, not privileges. I needed commitments. I needed a social group that had a collective commitment to excellence- though I still need to think long and hard about how to make that one a reality, because i would have sabotaged myself back then. I did have access to hard working peers but I laughed them off as nerds. Maybe i needed bigger dreams,  better context, a clearer sense of progression from a to b to c. My relationship with hard work has been similar to some people's fear of commitment to a relationship. So I need something vaguely like a safe space to experiment and be mentored and guided.

Do I deserve it? Oh, absolutely not. My work is the closest thing I have to that, so my present goal is to figure out how to maximise the value of my existing circumstances- so that maybe I might be able to be of use to people going through similar difficulties or circumstances.

I find myself revisiting a few thoughts over and over. Let's suppose Singapore has 7 million people (which it doesn't, but it makes for nicer back-of-envelope calculations). That makes us less than 0.1% of the 7 billion human beings we have on planet Earth. Less than 0.1%! That's less than 1 in 1,000 people. It's easy to fall into the trap of thinking that what we see is all there is.

But there's more. There's 99.9% of humanity out there. Singapore's a tiny little echo chamber, an anomaly. It's an interesting social and political anomaly for political scientists to study, but it's really hard to pretend that our nation-state is significant in the grand scheme of things. I think the government understands this better than the citizenry- it's easy for us to complain about things, and there are certainly lots of things to complain about, but we're also a drop in a bigger bucket than most of us adequately conceive. (When I was volunteering with Singapore Prisons, the guy in charge used to use the term "piss in the ocean". That's what Singapore is.)

I don't mean to say that small = necessarily insignificant. There are more people in Singapore than there are employees in Google, Facebook, Amazon and Apple together- and those organizations I think arguably have more influence on the world than our country does. I don't have any evidence for that, it just seems likely. The world would probably rather lose Singapore than Google. That's the reality of the world we live in. And it raises some interesting things to explore and think about.

There are a lot of interesting and significant things going on in the world. Elon Musk is working on three of them- electric cars with Tesla, sustainable electricity production with Solar City, and manned space travel with SpaceX. Advancements in any of those things is incredibly exciting. The Bill and Melinda Gates foundation is working on eradicating polio, then malaria. These are incredibly significant things. Polio has been reduced over 99%, saving more than 10 million children from paralysis. That's like, twice the size of Singapore, paralyzed. It's practically impossible to visualize. Our species is on the verge of eradicating the disease altogether. Strikes me as a worthy problem to work on.

Technological advancements do incredible things. Things like Twitter and Facebook, even if they're used by most people for superficial reasons, can be life-saving and enriching to others. Google has emergency response maps and data that's going to save lives.

I would never get employed by Google, and I don't think I'll be able to contribute in any meaningful way, but it's interesting to think about how there are certain spaces and places where a person can do a lot more for the species. There's a Singaporean working in Google called Meng, and he's Google's "Jolly Good Fellow", in charge of employee wellness or something like that. I wonder what his life is like.

You could be a teacher in a Singapore school and struggle miserably against the system, fighting to make a meaningful difference for the students in your classroom- their smiles and growth being your salve. Or you could seek to revolutionize and disrupt education altogether, like that science teacher from TED making accessible science videos, and the people at Khan Academy. You could build the future and impact millions. If you're hell-bent on making a difference to individuals in a classroom, I guess this discussion isn't for you- but if you just want to help people, I think it's important to think about where you can make the biggest difference. It could be outright immoral to decline to think about it. It would be vaguely equivalent to letting people die.

Then and again, we're all guilty of letting people die everyday. And I don't want to guilt-trip anybody. All I'm saying is- maybe a little bit of effort and thought might direct us to put our energy into things that could potentially make a much bigger difference. Einstein said something along the lines of how his equations were more important to him than his politics, because politics were about the present, while his equations were for eternity. I think there's something to that.

Lee Kuan Yew himself said that he never planned to get into politics. He only did out of necessity, because of the circumstances he was in. He was planning to make a comfortable living as a lawyer. Who knows what he'd have done if the Japanese never invaded? What would a young Lee Kuan Yew do if he were a young Singaporean today? Let's assume he got his straight A's in JC and completed his National Service as a great officer. Would he still want to get into Law? I believe he said something about being pragmatic and picking whatever's lucrative... something about going into engineering instead. Maybe somebody can dig up that quote. Regardless, the point I'm loosely trying to make is- maybe Singapore matters less than we think it does.

That's a rather heretical, treasony thing to say, so I'd need to qualify that. I'm incredibly thankful for being born in Singapore. We're so blessed. We have the opportunity to bitch and whine and complain. Billions don't. We have clean water, we have roofs over our heads, we have jobs, we have medicine. Singapore didn't always have these things, and if it didn't, I wouldn't be able to write this. But LKY was a pragmatic man, and he should understand very well that people naturally get complacent when things get successful. He acknowledges that not all of the best and brightest are going to want to work in the civil service or in policy-making. Some of his own family and descendants are turned off by the idea. It's a huge burden/sacrifice and the juice isn't quite worth the squeeze in times like these. I'm not talking about money nearly as much as I'm talking about job satisfaction (and this is already coloured with a very privileged perspective). LKY and the founding fathers had their backs against the wall, they were caught between the devil and the deep blue sea. They had no choice but to take some crazy risks, many of which paid off. Now we are somewhat victims of our own success.

I'm reminded of the Punggol East by-election, and I'm thinking of the PAP candidate who was fielded there. Poor guy had no way to win. If he had won, the public would say "See lah, PAP candidate, parachute in there, backed by such power, confirm win. Untested guy. Loser." If he had lost, as he did, people would find something negative to say too. THIS IS STRUCTURAL. It's not the PAP's fault. Anybody in power that long will be treated with this sort of suspicion and derision unless there are external crises to be dealt with.

So whose side am I on? I really don't care anymore. I used to identify as "Pro-Singapore", but now I'm not sure what even THAT means. There are some good people working on things. I met PM Lee and thought he was really thoughtful, perceptive, intelligent. Tharman Shanmugaratnam seems to really know his shit. I've heard really nice things about K Shanmugam and others. I really like Sylvia Lim and Chen Shao Mao and Vincent Wijeysingha. I wish everybody could just get along. I think it's pretty clear that all of those people want what's best for Singapore, but it's easy to get caught up trying to win fights. The media doesn't help, we don't help- we always end up focusing on all the unnecessary, sensational personal drama (like the hawker ceiling nonsense- does it really MATTER?) rather than focusing on the more 'boring' problems that matter.

I think the problem is that there's nothing very exciting for Singaporeans to work towards. If there is, we don't know very much about it. We're cramped and worried and confused. We turn on foreigners and we turn on each other. And we queue for Hello Kitty still, and minions... I won't even try to explain that. The most exciting thing I've encountered in Singapore so far is Tong Yee's School Of Thought. I'm a huge advocate for that. If I weren't working in ReferralCandy, I'd beg Mr. Tong to take me in to do anything. (Assuming I can't somehow run away to work for Elon Musk or Bill and Melinda Gates, or Jacqueline Novogratz's Acumen Fund, or Kiva, or Khan Academy, or...)

Those people are working on exciting problems- they're helping to revolutionize education. Here's my vague vision of how this is going to happen- increasingly, kids are going to be differentiated based on what they do outside of school. Who builds the most interesting things, who works on the most interesting projects, who writes the most compelling essays, who makes the best videos.

The people who do these will be the ones who're the most driven and passionate, and surrounded by the best peers. I think SOT has an early-mover advantage here. Mr. Tong and his kids are onto something special- a real entry point into what will be real bottom-up social change. That's something to be excited about.

This is getting a bit long. Will continue in a part 2.
The simple answer is that rents are simply too high everywhere- in music venues and in bars. I think Jeremy Monteiro wrote something about this recently- and I wrote a vomit about this a while ago, too. The old models of distribution are shit and people who try to use them are pretty much screwed. The only way seems to be a free-first-pay-for-specialized-content-later model, where you make lots of good stuff for free and distribute it for free and build an audience, then charge after that. It makes some old-guard people uncomfortable, but those who are experimenting with this are seeing it pay off, and I think that's how the YouTube stars are doing it now.

Maybe the scene is growing and I'm disengaged and can't talk accurately about it. But I think people aren't working hard enough. There's a chicken/egg problem. People aren't reaching out in the right way...

does anybody really want to hear me talk about this, am I even interested in writing about this for myself? No, not really.

I'm a writer, blogger, keyboard warrior. I think Poached Mag is turning out to be an interesting space with a cool audience- the folks have managed to create something that attracts writers. That said, I've always been rather meh and unimpressed with Singaporean writing (my own included. I think all my writing is shit and I don't know why anybody bothers to read it. But I keep writing because I want to and I feel like I have to, and maybe 900 vomits from now I'll have clearer and better thoughts that are articulated in a more useful way.) Is Singaporean writing something to be excited about? I don't know. Does anybody have anything worth saying? I don't know. Is it worth trying to figure out? That one also I don't know. (I'm not being very helpful here, am I.)

I've been working in a tech startup (ReferralCandy) since February- so that's like 6 months now, and it's been very interesting and exciting. It's especially cool to witness the entire eco-system- something I had little to no idea about before. We share an office with Burpple. I went for their product launch a while ago, and it was all fun and exciting- to see their progression and growth as a product an organization. I like to think about this at multiple scales- the growth of an individual, of the organization /startup around her as a super-structure that also facilitates individual growth- and then the broader ecosystem that supplies that, the multiple companies/startups within a single block, and how all of this kind of comes together to transform physical spaces- I geek out when we head to Fusionopolis for lunch and we see hundreds of people having hundreds of interesting conversations about whatever it is they might be working on, whatever it is that they're excited about- it's a cosmopolitan crowd. I'd happily sit around and eavesdrop all day if I didn't have to do work myself.

What was the point of all of this? Possibly nothing. It's a fucking word vomit, I'm just rambling. I wanted to somehow segue from this general rumination/meditation about the growth of various scenes/ecosystems and the symbiotic relationship that has with the growth of individuals, and the roles of individuals of that...

I find myself returning to "big problems" and "big questions", or "abstract" problems if you will. We need more thoughtful, intelligent people working on big problems. I have no evidence for this, this is just something that my brain obsesses about. This is the stuff I think about when I've been divorced from Facebook and current affairs. I'm not doing this to impress anybody- this is genuinely what I care about. It influences the conversations I have, the books I choose to read, the videos I choose to watch.

I've been off Facebook since the end of June or the beginning of July. It's been over a month. It's been interesting. I sometimes ask my wife to update me on what I might've been missing- is there anything important or interesting going on? Typically, nothing much. It all starts to look really petty. And I know what I sound like here- it's like a preachy ex-smoker talking about how amazing it is to finally be free and clear and fresh, and it's just annoying. But fuck it, I'm going to be that annoying guy. I miss little to none of it. I'm not experiencing the loss I thought I'd be experiencing, in fact I'm finding my thoughts to be more lucid. I'm coming to terms with the fact that I don't really care about people nearly as much as I thought I did, or I pretended I did, or hoped I did.

Does this make me an asshole? I don't care anymore. If you want to unfriend me, please, go ahead. Do what works best for you. I think I'm wrecking some of my personal relationships in the process of this general swan-dive I've taken away from people and talk and social media and even meeting or talking to people in person... but I don't really care. The world is too infinite to worry about petty losses like these.

reaching 1300 words. 3 word vomits in a row? why the fuck not
I went off Facebook and found myself suddenly spending a lot more time on Twitter. It was like my brain has this nervous, anxious energy that spills out, and this energy follows the path of least resistance. Facebook was the first. When I dammed that one up, Twitter was next. When I dammed that one (not as drastically as Facebook, because I still do use Twitter for work related purposes), I actually found myself going to Tumblr to write a little. It was spilling out of me. I'll keep looking for the next person to talk to.

I noticed this happening with SMSes, too. When I was in NS, there was a period of time when my then-girlfriend (now-wife) went overseas. I was stuck in camp, and I was used to messaging her random stuff at night. When she was gone, I found myself having stuff to say- and I'd have to look through my phone to find other people to tell it to.

But you could never quite talk about exactly the same thing, because two people develop a certain mutual language that others won't entirely understand- I'm not talking about english here, I'm talking about motifs. If I learn something cool about comics or roman history or something, I'm going to be messaging Damien. Something about christianity, U2, music, art, that sort of thing? Sam. Every relationship is unique, and populated by common themes and ideas... and this influences the way you see the world, you start seeing things with the lens of "Heh, sharan would love this, I should tell her". And this is part of the long list of reasons why breakups (romantic or otherwise) suck, because then there's a part of your brain that's like a phantom limb- even if the person is gone, you still have all the relevant infrastructure/machinery/capital in your head. And that always hurts.

So yeah. Anxious nervous creative energy, I has it. But I used to typically squander it on Facebook. Not saying that Facebook itself is necessarily bad- sometimes I think I wrote a nice little essay or update that might've made people smile, which is nice... but there are bigger and better things that I could do instead that have more lasting effects than something clever or witty. I could create some real meaningful content, go out and interview somebody, or read a book and review it... these things are typically more useful.

And I seriously think a blogpost is almost always more useful to the world than a Facebook status update, even if only for purely structural reasons- a blogpost is relatively eternal in cyberspace compared to a Facebook status update. It's indexed and searchable on Google. My old "teacher cannot shave head" blogpost suddenly got thousands of hits because of the st margs saga. I wasn't expecting that, but that's the cool thing about blogs. It's like casting a constantly expanding net into the ocean in a way that keeps moving- you might not have any fish now, but you will in the future!

So you really should blog if you aren't blogging. But somehow people don't understand what I'm saying when I tell them this. They don't realize how blogging makes you more employable, makes your work more valuable, gives you an audience... I really don't get why they don't get it, but as long as they do, I have an unfair competitive advantage. I'll take whatever I get.

Erm so I wanted to talk about how I don't feel like I need Facebook in my life anymore, even though it was a total addiction for me a while ago- first thing I check every time I get on a computer, I need that notification fix. It made me feel significant, like i mattered.

This addiction was interesting to contemplate- i used to be a video game addict, and in anticipation of that I swore to myself never to install games on my smartphone, because I imagine I'd regress into pathetic addiction. Well my wife installed minion rush and bakery story on my phone- and strangely, i've only played a little of the former and absolutely none of the latter.

This is interesting to me. I used to be obsessive about games like Simcity and I used to play Mafia Wars quite a bit on Facebook. Why do I not bother anymore? I think the answer partially lies in the work that I do- I already kind of optimize things at work, so that part of my brain is kind of used up. The idea of bothering with optimizing a fictional bakery strikes me as almost grotesque- there are so many real things in the world that need optimizing, why bother with something in a game? (I used to be on the opposite side of that argument- games teach you skills that you can apply in the real world- but I guess once you lose your training wheels, there's no reason to get back on them.)

I had some time to kill a while ago when I was early for dinner with friends, so I thought I'd spend a bit of money at a video game arcade I used to get all excited about going to. I went there and looked around for a while, watched people playing some of my old favourite games. I expected to want to spend a little money to relive it all, but strangely, I didn't. It almost looked a little sad- I saw a few guys dressed in shirts and pants, obviously dropping by after work to relive their childhoods maybe... what does it mean? Isn't it a kind of escapism?

It occurs to me that I could say the same about smoking. I've greatly decreased the amount I smoke, but I still enjoy the occasional cigarette... why though? Intellectually I know it's stupid and unhealthy and smelly and all of those things. Is it possible that I will one day feel for cigarettes the way I feel about playing bakery story or going to the video arcade? I think it's possible. I wonder if it's possible to engineer/accelerate that process. I'll be thinking about that one. Seems like I'll need to get my high/fix from something else. Maybe writing/work. We'll see.

Maybe it does, but what I'm learning is that this is a "lottery ticket' approach to success. Consider the van-gogh-insane-muse idea, the idea that great works come from people who are somehow disturbed, pathalogical, what Jobs would call "Insanely Great". You seem to have to be a little weird to be amazing. But that doesn't mean amazingness is a consequence of weirdness. They could be entirely unrelated. Or that  weirdness could be the weirdness on the other side of complexity. I fucking love that idea, i'm stealing it from "simplicity on the other side of complexity". There's always going to be some shlepping that you're going to have to do. I accept that. I like that.

I can't work on big amazing problems if I can't solve little ones like how do I jump out of bed in the morning, excited and eager to get to work on the problems that I DO have the privilege of working on? Yes, I want to help our species get to space, but before I get anywhere close to even smelling that adjacent reality, I'm going to have to become a person who is capable and worthy. That means I need to kick ass at the challenges I DO have. I have to stop seeing them as distractions or frustrations or problems but as training to sculpt me into the person I need to become to achieve what I believe needs to be achieved.

TL;DR of the above- have to be able to do the little work before you can hope to do the big work. I've had this discussion with my boss before, and he kindly helped me see through a lot of my own bullshit- I use terms like "ambitious" and "potential". Those terms are useless when we're dealing with reality. "Oh, but she's got a lot of potential" is not a really useful thing to say. You are not your potential, you are what you have done and what you are doing, the outcomes that you can realistically and reasonably influence immediately. So this is a new heuristic I'm experimenting with. I'm incompetent, irresponsible, and I have no potential. All I have is what I've done so far, the opportunity to work on immediate challenges, and the work I do, day in and day out. Speculation is a parlour game. I am defined professionally by the results I bring to the table, and I do that not by daydreaming but by sitting my ass down and grinding/shlepping out what needs to be done.

I had a funny recursive thought when researching stuff for work. A part of my job involves marketing the idea of referral marketing to online stores. I have to communicate the value of communicating value. Now, when you want to understand marketing, you have to dig deep and figure out what the value actually is- and sometimes you'll find that there's no value at all, and you'll have to start over. So for me to market referral marketing, I have to really understand it inside out- become a domain expert, understand how it's worked so far, why it's worked, who it's worked for, why some people haven't adopted it, everything.

Somewhere in trying to communicate the value of communicating value, I entered a recursive loop which turned the whole process on myself. I like to think I've always had this one running at the back of my head, but it's pretty amazing that I get to work on something that forces it out into the open. It's like using your brain to study brains, or using language to dissect language... learning the art of selling to sell sales, it somehow encapsulates all of that. It's a kind of performance and artistry... all sorts of stuff fused into one. I geek out about it.

I'm really excited, and it amazes me sometimes to realize that I'm not excited 24/7. I get stressed and worried because it seems like there's a lot to do (and indeed there will always be a neverending stream of things to do) and I'm not entirely sure how to prioritize them. But that's a lie, I do know how to prioritize- when I get down to it. But I'm not getting down to it- why? When confronted, it becomes the obvious thing to do. So the problem is what happens when I'm not being confronted, by myself or anybody else. Then I slip into a familiar pattern that I still don't completely understand. I'm thinking that I get frightened or nervous of doing the most important work in case it's not good enough, not right enough, not amazing enough, and then I take too long with it and things start to get ugly. So I need to learn to ship faster.

Fear and laziness both seem to be inefficient, lousy, incomplete explanations. I think procrastination and lack of focus is a bit "more" than that. A part of it comes from not being absolutely certain about something, or about anything in particular. You need a sense of certainty- and this is an emotional thing, you need to feel like "This needs to be written/done and it needs to get out there", and maybe different people have different explanations or reasons as to WHY the work needs to be done. I understand reasons intellectually, but I haven't sufficiently fused an emotional understanding into it.

I really like this idea of "mental energy" flowing through the path of least resistance. You could call it creative/generative energy, whatever, I don't care. It's the stuff that's coming out of me right now, from my head to my fingers to the keyboard to the pixels on the screen. If I had my Facebook account still, I might not be writing this. If I had some video games installed on my computer, I might not be writing this. I'm not saying that deprivation/dams is/are the best or only way to direct this energy, just that I have spent most of my life squandering this energy. I'm now thinking about something Scott Adams once wrote about how you should prioritize your tasks in order of whatever energizes you the most.

This energy metaphor seems to work as an extended/generative thing. If you do something that greatly increases the amount of energy you have, you're more likely to get around to doing something powerful. This happens when I get angry, upset, pissed off- it instantly inspires a large chunk of content. This content isn't necessarily the best thing that's going to be out there- it's usually short-sighted and hurtful, but if you give it time and space to settle, you can do something good with it.

The challenge is not to waste energy- to direct it towards useful pursuits that have long-run (or even semi-immediate benefits) like exercise, reading, creating (writing for me). I'm convinced that I could be working at a much greater pace than I am now- both professionally and creatively. All I have to do is channel my existing energy better. And there's no need to do any reading or learning or anything of that sort to figure that out- you already know everything you need. I'm off


I don't really like answers like "I regret nothing!!!" or "I'd never change a thing, all my experiences make me what I am today." Your experiences would've made you who you are no matter so what, so you'd still be you whether you did X or you did Y. You'd be different versions of you, but both of those versions of you will be quite happy to be the way they are (unless you did something horribly, horribly wrong). Even Leonardo da Vinci said that he wasted his days (or was it years?).

Not quite getting a sense of flow here, I think it has to do with me getting momentarily distracted by the internet. It's amazing how a little random internet surfing can drastically affect my writing flow. It's treacherous!

I'm repeating myself a lot in these few posts, but I think that's a reasonable price to pay. Repetition is reinforcement, and it forces me to refine my phrasing. I get better at talking about it each time I talk about it, I get more precise and clear. And I'm writing this for me, so fuck it, man! I still can't shake off the "I'm writing for public consumption" mentality, but I'm trying. I really want to get to a state where I'm really writing for me, with minimal self-censorship. I know there'll always be some of it, but I think it's really important that I try.

Here are the biggest things I'm learning, the most important differences between me-now and me-before: I think I'm developing an understanding of the importance and power of routine. Of responsibility. Words I used to balk at, because they seemed stodgy, mundane, tiresome. What I didn't realize then was that we're inevitably creatures of habit, and in the absence of good routines we fall into bad ones- and those are just shitty to live with, to live through.

More importantly I think I'm realizing just how limited and small I am. I'm increasingly learning about my own limitations, how I have limited willpower, limited brainpower, limited strength, limited everything. I'm very fallible, very flawed, very weak in many different senses.

A lot of the things I said I wanted, I only kinda wanted. In a way, in my youth I was mostly infatuated with ideas rather than genuinely in love with them. I liked the idea of being strong, being smart, but I didn't really want to put in the work. Or I couldn't see how the work would make a difference. I was kind of hoping that everything would magically just turn out great, or that I'd be able to skip today's work because I'll make up for it tomorrow- I vastly over-estimated my own abilities. If I could start over, I'd set up lots of little routines. I'd work out a little bit every day. I'd write every day. I'd practice guitar a little bit every day- more deliberately than I typically do, so that I learn something new every so often instead of linger at the same skill level forever until I learn something by accident or coincidence.

In short I'd be a lot more deliberate in the way I do things. I used to expect things to turn out well, perhaps because I got away with a lot of things without having to work very hard at it. D asked me a while ago, what is it that you're going to struggle for? Because that's where the growth happens, isn't it- outside the comfort zone. So that's my main gripe with my history- I've been way too comfortable way too much. And the funny/sad thing is, on hindsight, the moments I remember best are always the ones where I stepped outside my comfort zone. (That, and whenever things screwed up big time, or when I occasionally got lucky with something.)

I used to be into HTML and building websites. I wish I had learnt more about computers. That was a passion that I allowed to taper off. I wish I realized the importance of persistence when starting some sort of fitness routine- I've yoyo'd between almost-somewhat-fit and horribly-skinny over and over again, and I always make an unnecessarily big deal about it.

Oh yeah, I'd shut the fuck up a lot more and listen. This is still something I have a lot of difficulty with but I swear I'm trying. I've had some really nice conversations with the wife latey, and I realize the fragility of her words- she'll start talking, and if I interrupt her, whatever she was going to say is gone. It would be unlikely that I'd ever get a chance to hear that opinion/input/perspective again. While my interjections and opinions remain constant- I can always test them again another day. The input and perspective of another human being is absolutely invaluable, and I hate that it's taken me so long to understand this, and I hate that I'm finding it so difficult to learn to adapt and change to be the person I say I want to be.

I think I'm ready now. I think a lot of my life- at least the sombre conversations and insightful quiet moments- has been about thinking about how important it will someday be to work hard at something, to be disciplined, to push myself hard, to learn, to give up my ways of mucking around. And I am sick of mucking around. Beyond that, I'm sick of saying that I'm sick of mucking around. It would be far more sensible instead to keep a track record of what I've been up to. A "done" list is more fun than a "to-do" list. I'm planning to read the fuck out of my entire library. And I'm planning to write every day, even if it's shit. I don't care. And I'm going to be doing some goddamn amazing work in ecommerce, one way or another. And I'm going to find out who I am past the vague boundaries I've never dared to test.

Life is too short to play safe, and it's not even safe when you play safe, so fuck it, let's move fast and break things. this wasn't great but it's out there, let's keep moving

Let's talk social media.

I dropped by PM Lee's Facebook Page for a few seconds and glanced at some of the comments. I felt a momentary impulse to respond to couple of them. Not for any particular purpose, just a kind of casual impulse. "PEOPLE ARE WRONG ON THE INTERNET!" goes a familiar XKCD comic. The machinery/mechanisms and protocols are all in place- everything looks like a nail when you're in the possession of a nice big old hammer.  People aren't even particularly wrong about anything, they're just lacking MY input. I'm so important and relevant, they need to hear what it is I have to say. It's relatively effortless for me- I've spent so many years doing this. I enjoy the challenge of having to come up with an off-the-cuff response to something. It almost works backwards- I look at things and the responses formulate themselves, and I have to resist putting them out there because the act of typing them out distracts me from more useful or important work.

I was very angry with myself for having developed this way, but now I'm starting to look at it from a place of acceptance and understanding. It IS a pretty cool skill, I just have bigger fish to fry now. I wouldn't have gotten to where I am now if I hadn't gone through those experiences before. I had developed myself into a local optima, but now I need to break out of that to reach a broader optima. I think that's why it's important or useful to take fasts and pilgrimages and break free rfrom things from time to time. We always want to make the best possible decision at every given moment, yet this can lead to us getting fixated or stuck in a local ditch.

A visual explanation of what I'm talking about:

So it's really, really important to take random leaps and get out of your neighbourhood sometimes. You could be optimizing the wrong thing, struggling to climb the wrong mountain. I think this applies to everything from your writing style to your social networks.

So yeah, being smart and witty on Facebook was a Local Optimum for me. I'm seeking the global optimum. I know I can always go back to Facebook and try to be smart there again. But I think I've caught a glimpse of what a global optimum might look like, and so the idea of spending time on Facebook again literally is beginning to disgust me. I imagine it's like how some ex-smokers don't even enjoy the occasional cigarette anymore- they literally get sick of it, and start finding themselves uncomfortable around cigarette smoke- it seems harsh and horribly hypocritical, but the human body can change quite drastically over time. We never seem to be able to adequately or accurately grok these changes- we overestimate how much can change overnight, and we underestimate how much can change in a year.

Back to social media thoughts... I've said this before but I think Facebook is rather toxic if you're trying to do creative work (creative meaning "build something", it could be programming or a startup or something, not necessarily arty farty expressive stuff). But that's just me talking for me and people like me. You might be completely mature and able to manage your time effectively, doing work for an hour then thinking "Hmm, I'm just going to spend 5 minutes on Facebook and see what everybody's up to, then get back to work." I can't do that. I'm the equivalent of an alcoholic. I get heavily invested in every single conversation and I'll carry it to the end, even if there's nothing to ultimately gain from it. I think this happens in a lot of circumstances- video games, TV serials... it's interesting how we can take these things more seriously than say personal relationships or happiness, or broadly "life itself", because it's still a hell of a trip even if there's "nothing to ultimately gain".

I think the main reason for this is that life seems too unpredictable, it seems like we don't have much control over it. I KNOW I can sit down and interact with people on Facebook in a way that brings me amusement. (It always sounds silly when you type it that way. It's the same thing with alcohol or cigarettes- you know you can finish that cigarette and get that high in your head.)

So I think a big difference between people who "do well" in life and people who kind of meander around is the amount of certainty and belief you have in yourself and your ability to change things. I'm confident of my ability to change things within some rather limited circumstances. I was reading on Quora about how people born and raised in wealth tend to be incredibly confident, because they never truly fear utter ruin. Even if they're broke and on the streets or something, there might be someone they could call, a family friend or something who'll bail them out. This belief can be crippling too, it can mean that you'll never have to do anything. But I think it inspires academic success, for instance, and maybe even success in personal relationships, because you can see where it'll take you. You know where you're headed with your degree- there are jobs and directorships waiting for you. You know what parties you're bringing your partner to, you know what your marriage is going to look like.

This certainty can be rather unfounded- there are black swan events that will wipe you out- but for the most part, the certainty has a social (and personal) utility that gets you by. You look and seem genuinely confident, you believe yourself, people believe you. Lots of wins to be had all around.

In contrast, I think me and a some of my peers were wracked by a kind of deep-rooted self-doubt. I don't mean like a verbal "Nah, I don't think I can do it" way- we might make grand plans and big dreams, but it's all talk- there's no real, visceral examples of things to get into. We don't have a hyper-successful relatives to emulate ourselves after, we're forced to be pioneers in the living that we'd like- and pioneering requires conviction that's extremely rare in young individuals (and it's stamped out when it's there, becuse it's unrealistic).

It's very, very hard to be the RIGHT kind of unrealistic, or what Paul Graham calls Formidable- it's the unrealistic on the other side of stupid. The simplicity on the other side of complexity.

I know I'm painting a very one-sided picture here- rich kids have troubles too, people with successful families have troubles too, life is hard for everybody. I'm just playing around with words and thoughts to develop a mental model of what my problems really are so that I can work on them with increasing clarity, efficiency, focus. Done with this, going to go clean up my house now.
Quality doesn't happen without quantity. This is still taking me a while to come to terms with, as a lazy bugger who hates starting. You have to write the shitty poems to get to the good ones. Sure, maybe analysing poetry and reading about the lives and history of your favourite poets will give you some insight that might make you a better poet- but there's only so much your first shitty poem is going to improve by. The best way to get better at something is to do it, then get feedback. The doing is the easiest and hardest part.

I said "hates starting" because it's not true that work or practice sucks. Getting up in the morning sucks. Closing all your distracting tabs suck. Putting on your running shoes and getting out of the house sucks. Once you're on your way, though, sticking to it is always fairly easy. I think it's because we tend to see the whole epic practice session and we freeze because it's intimidating. All we really ought to commit to is the start. Commit to the immediate next step, and that is all. As long as I start writing, I can keep going.

It's actually pretty rare that I start a word vomit and not finish it because I ran out of steam- the main cause of my incomplete word vomits are external interruptions- I'm writing on the train and I've arrived at work (maybe I should make it a point to keep writing first until I'm done, because then I have a clearer mind). Once I get started it's pretty hard to stop. I can keep going all day. I should probably set aside a day to see how many vomits I can do in a single day. I wouldn't be surprised if it's more than 10. (That doesn't mean they'll all be good, but done is better than perfect, because you can work with done.)

I feel like my guitar playing hasn't improved very much over the years because I'm rarely deliberate in my practice. I mostly play to while away the time and to enjoy myself, with occasional bursts of "I want to understand this instrument better so I can get more out of it." I've been playing since sec 2 or so, which means... almost 10 years now. But I bet somebody who practiced really hard could get way better than me in 6 months or a year.

Which says something about the power of focus, isn't it? Six months of intense practice with a musical instrument will give you a level of competence and expressiveness that will provide you with a lot of joy in the long run. Once you've gotten that far, you'll probably stick with it for longer and that's how professionals are born.

Nothing I'm saying is new. There really is nothing new about pretty much anything. We already all know everything we need to know to do what we need to do in the immediate sense. You shouldn't chop wood without sharpening your axe, yes, but I suspect that the "chopping with blunt axes" team is much smaller than the "sharpening our axes until we can fell an entire forest with a single swing" team.

And here's the humiliating truth- the guy who's chopping with a blunt axe is making more progress than me when I'm sitting in my head sharpening my axe. The sharpest axe in the world is useless if you aren't swinging.

So just keep swinging. The axe-sharpening stuff is easy in contrast. For me, at least.

Have been a bit sleep deprived or something the past couple of days. Maybe dehydrated too. Wasn't very productive at work. This is frustrating because I love my work, I should be progressing much faster! I don't really even feel like writing this but I know that I will feel better if I stick with it so I'm just going to blaze through this one right now.

I repeat myself a lot and it's frustrating that repetition is so necessary. Latest thoughts are the importance of repetition and constant refinement, constant pruning, constant revisiting. I've reduced significant amounts of background noise from my life by keeping my email inboxes empty (work and personal.) I still have a shitload of nonsense to declutter from my home PC and from my bookmarks at work, my google drive and evernote.

I've decided that I'm going to get rid of my pen-and-paper notebooks. I've developed an emotional attachment to them and the idea of throwing them away is painful, but it's morw painful to have so much in my cup that I can't fill it up with what matters the most in the immediate. I'm doing whatever is easy and seemingly urgent rather than what is genuinely important.

I think I've made significant progress by getting off Facebook- that's a very real win and sticking with it is good for me. I will not be going back on Facebook until I've sufficiently emptied everything else that I want to do. This could take years- so be it. That's a price worth paying if it helps me so the things I consciously want to do.

Far too often I find myself swept away in the currents of the unimportant- today I found myself on tumblr and Reddit. Sure some of it is interesting and potentially useful information down the road- but it's not a priority. If I were the boss of me I'd ban myself from all these distractions for a few months at least. That's a funny thought experiment because I AM the boss of me. I'm just a shitty boss. Becoming a better boss (within the mind) seems to require mindfulness, meditation, regular breaks to refocus on what is important.

I shouldn't spend too much time figuring this out- that's another form of distraction, artificial busyness that doesn't result in useful or meaningful work done. It's the equivalent of rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic. I should be getting into a life boat instead. Dramatic shifts are sometimes necessary- keyhole surgery. Slightly traumatic but contained and ultimately for the best. At the very least it would be interesting. I must revisit my local/global optima realization and take significant leaps away from my status quo.

I must realize that it's always relatively trivial for me to return to my previous state if I really need/want to. I have to triumph over the psychological crutches and bullshit that my mind comes up with to try and keep me stuck in the present state of ennui. I am doing work but I can't shake the feeling that I could be doing a lot more. There's no magic solution, it just takes grit and some mental clarity.

The little things go a long way. Baby steps blah blah blah. Need to cut things away. I'm on the train now, reaching bishan soon. There I change train to yishun. Buy dinner for self and the wife. Then take the bus home. Once home I'll put away the phone and spend time with the wife. Shower first, then dinner. After that I'll... tidy up computer 1 tomato, cull evernote 1 tomato, cull blog drafts 1 tomato, clean the house 1 tomato.

I just ran from the circle line part of bishan to the red line bit to get my heart rate up. I'm definitely lacking in some high intensity physical activity. Time to start doing more pushups and squats again to kick up the heart rate. I don't even care about looks anymore, I just want to experience a superior state of flow. I want to focus harder and get individual tasks done. I find myself dissatisfied with most if not all productivity apps. I find don't break the chain too simple and I find too many things too complex.

The best thing that works for me is actually pen and paper but that's tedious to carry around with me all the time. I have a smartphone all the time now so whatever tracking I do should be done on this device. I'm not entirely sure what I don't like about all the available apps. I think done works better than to do. I have a habit of getting complacent with my todos, and many of them have been stuck in limbo for months. I started a mailing list on my blog several months ago and about 30 to 40 people signed up but I still haven't sent a single email. It's the perfectionist bug- I'm so anxious to send something great that nothing's good enough and nothing gets sent.

But do I really need to email anybody? I started the list thinking that it would inspire me to write things that I wouldn't otherwise feel comfortable writing on my blog, but a strange thing happened- Everytime I think of something to tell my mailing list, I end up figuring out a way to write it on my blog instead. I suppose the best use the list will have will be for me to ask people for advice and input and opinions- how can I help you? But I don't really have the space to help people- I have to help myself. You have to put your own mask on before you can help others and so I've got to keep this train chugging. I wonder how many posts in will I be when I have conquered this pwraonal demon- I mean, I know that the quest for self-refinement and self-actualization is never-ending, but surely there are milestones. You can always get fitter, but there are milestones.

So what's a milestone for me? Maybe I should take a moment to redefine this because you can't go somewhere if you don't know where it is, at least vaguely. Well I've had a pretty good vague idea so far, so time to make it precise.

What I'm doing is waging a war against anxiety and mediocrity. This war won't be won just by throwing myself at the enemy hard once or twice- it requires a sustainable strategy and economy. Supply chains. Logistics. Communications. This battle is a tough and complex one- essentially a counter-insurgency. Let me look that shit up.

EDIT: Went home at this stage. Did not look that shit up. Will now look that shit up and write about it next.

But it's important to pick the right materials. Reading paul graham and ribbonfarm (and conversations with the boss) makes me realise that most of what's "out there" is full of shit. All talk. I was and still am a contributor to that steaming pile of turd, and I even started getting a little good at it, too... which is a troubling thought.

I return to one of my earliest assertions, when I was a teenage dirtbag. Most people are lame, stupid and full of shit. Here's what I missed out on, and what I've realized between then and now: THAT INCLUDES ME. I was and still am full of shit, and arguably the main reason why the shittiness of others bothers me is that it subconsciously alerts me to my own. Nobody's as good as you when it comes to bullshitting you. Sitting around talking about how shitty people are is itself a shitty thing to do, because it achieves nothing but pointless commiseration. It's a waste of time and a weak attempt to gain points by pretending you don't care about points.

Unfortunately almost all of us care about points, unless you're that reclusive mathematician who won that million dollar prize and couldn't be bothered to claim it- or you're a solitary ascetic in the mountain with no intention of ever returning to human society. Even as I'm off Facebook a part of me thinks golly gee I can't wait to get back on Facebook someday and tell everyone how awesome it was to be free from Facebook. So this trap is really hard to escape. Lots of attachment there.

So... most people are full of shit and that includes me. I once had a thought at a tech conference that might be a little unpalatable- I don't have the fuck-you money or authority or track record to say this, but I figure the people reading this know I'm not out to sensationalize anything. .. so here goes: most tech/startup journalism is shit, because if you care so much about startups and tech and do all that research and reading... why wouldn't you simply start your own instead? It's especially strange considering the nature of startups.

Writing like Paul Graham's is "the simplicity on the other side of complexity"- he's walked the walk, so he's reasonably trustworthy (though there's always the rewarded-by-randomness possibility). I guess my point is... a person working in a job spending time interviewing others about startups is kind of like seeing a fat journalist at a muscle/fitness convention, or worse, work for such a magazine. I wonder who the most unhealthy people are at men's health magazine? I bet you some of them smoke. Who decides who's an authority, anyway?

This isn't an indictment on anybody, I'm an irresponsible and unreliable person myself and I graciously accept all the insults you might hurl at me. But if you're thinking of taking time to do that, you should surely ask yourself- don't you have better things to do than to occupy yourself with writing comments on the blog of someone you've realized is incompetent? I'm guilty of this, I get involved in discussions on reddit and tumblr sometimes (I'm off Facebook thankfully at last) and I feel like my opinion matters, like I could make a difference. And for the most part it doesnt. Or more accurately, for the most part, I could work on something that's useful to many more people over an indefinite period of time (blog, or build/create something useful and lasting). Getting embroiled in petty arguments and discussions is rarely worth it if you know what you ought to be working on. This isn't a new problem, I believe Newton talked about how frustrating it was to spend his time defending himself instead of doing more work. Ultimately there's no right and wrong here, but I think we owe it to ourselves to identify what we ought to be doing- by our own measure- and do that.

Two things came together very nicely for me. Or three or more. In the book The User Illusion it is describes how Maxwell, the gut who unified electricity and magnetism, felt that it wasn't him who did it- it was something greater than himself within him. Sportsmen often relate to this, when they perform magically they tend to say they didn't think, they just did, they witnessed themselves being magical. When they fuck up, it's the opposite- they had too much time to think. A concert pianist wanted to outlaw applause because he felt he didn't deserve it- he was never there when performing, he was only there before and after the performance. Church musicians tend to say "god was using me" or some variant. A few days ago I participated in a discussion on reddit and someone responded to me saying he felt like there was something holding him back from something greater... and it was him. He suppressed that which was greater than himself within him.

I think both me and my wife and millions of procrastinators around the world relate to this. I'm not sure what to do if you genuinely think you're worthless (well- first of all you're not, second of all go for a walk with a bottle of water even if you don't want to, then read some books and try things... maybe that won't work, but you should really try it). But I'm more interested in people who KNOW that they have something inside them to share with the world, but they aren't doing it nearly as much as they ought to.

okay, i'm at work and i've crossed 1k words so seeya maybe on the train ride home

All right, writing time. Decided to take the stairs down instead of the lift because what the heck, it's only 6 floors. My classroom in VS used to be on the 7th floor. A little bit of exercise, gets the heart rate up, takes no time at all, feels good. A little bit warmer on the inside. Simple behavioural change which I could probably make a habit off. I haven't done my squats-in-the-shower routine for a few days because I've been feeling tired and lethargic- probably a mix of dehydration and lack of sleep. But I feel nice and clearheaded now and I know I should always exploit clearheaded moments... which is why I'm writing.

I want to get a lot more reading and writing done and I'd like it to be a more focused process. I need to build my focus muscle- I just had a momentary "maybe you should check twitter or Whatsapp moment". Writing can and should be a no compromise thing for me. Oh yeah I was thinking about re-reading freedomspotting. I loved that idea about a truly free person not having to make any decisions because it's just internal energy + external randomness. That somehow makes a lot of sense to me even though I'm incapable of articulating it at the moment. But this is me writing without deciding, writing because of internal energy + external randomness. Good. Beautiful.

What can we explore? Two thoughts, access to sexual images and... general tidiness? Erm. I lost my train of thought when thinking about sexy girls again.

Context: I have lots of pictures of sexy girls on my tumblr. I'm an equal-opportunity sort of guy so I also post pictures of sexy men, and tech news, and all sorts of stuff- quotes, science, art, philosophy, sex, everything. I subscribe to a couple of sexy subreddits in addition to all the geeky marketing stuff and tech stuff and intellectual stuff. I like to look at girls- prerry girls, fit girls, sexy girls, sometimes naked girls. There's a part of my brain that lights up when a pretty girl upvotes an answer of mine on Quora even if she's not particularly authoritative on anything.

I'm not a porn addict or anything. I'm a happily married man with a beautiful wife. I like to check women out, and I try my best to be as cursory and discreet about it as possible. I hate the idea of objectifying women, and I think some very ignorant men ruin dating and inter-gender (being heteronormative here) interactions for everyone else. I think it's important that women feel comfortable and safe. But I also think people should be able to flirt and smile and have those pleasant little interactions with strangers. I think in general people are not having enough good sex, be it solo or duo or multiplayer. Our attitudes towards sex are sadly juvenile and full of exaggeration, hyperbole...

Wait why am I talking about sex? I'm juggling multiple thoughts here, let's lay them out.

1- we're immature about sex, which actually makes it more boring and less fun

2- we obsess too much about sex, which is ironic, because...

3- we need to make some progress on the way we deal with and talk about sex

4- dating and romance is generally shit, nobody really teaches you about it, intelligent, thoughtful discussions about them are hard to find and typically away from the centers of broad cultural discourse

I'm getting vague and abstract here. There's a TedTalk about love/sex/romance that everybody needs to watch because we all deserve more enlightened perspectives on desire and security and communication and relationships. Very philosophical and deeply true.

Now having pointed out all that- which I will horribly describe as talking about the importance of proper nutrition and exercise and general health- I find it necessary to turn to thoughts about addiction, excess, impulse. Sugary candy, cigarettes, alcohol, sexy pictures, words and thoughts.

I hesitate to say pornography because it's such a loaded term. I think porn stars like Stoya and James Deen are pretty awesome for a bunch of great reasons- Stoya writes beautifully and has a killer mind- but for the most part I'm far more interested in, say, anonymous amateurs on r/gonewild or tumblr. I find it boring and stale to compartmentalize things like sexual and intellectual attraction- I think every element of a person is a part of a continuum of overlapping spheres.

Attraction then is a general phenomena that's expresses and manifested in many different ways. This is why it's possible to be jealous of your wife's straight female boss, because she's attracted to her in an intellectual sense, any sense. There's a sense that the third person somehow is able to forge a connection at a frequency that you might not relate to or identify with. The gay male dance instructor who might have his way with her in a way that makes you uncomfortable even though there is no sexual desire there- dancing with your wife makes him just crave some juicy cock up his ass or in his mouth. There's still something, isn't it? Jealousy is rooted in insecurity- a worry that your partner might not want you if she does not need you because she can fulfill her needs elsewhere. But that's a setting sun mindset and it's just depressing to get into. (Let's not get into cuckolding... that's not for 101).

Wow I'm trying to discuss very different things. What I wanted to talk about is... how it's possible to love candy and fast food like crazy even if you're living healthily, or trying to. Some people "eat clean and train dirty". There's a certain yin-yang elegance to that. But others may experiment with it and find that despite eating clean and training dirty, they still have the craving to eat dirty. I know tastes can change but why should I be a vegan if meat is delicious? (This almost sounds like justification for cheating on a romantic partner, but it should never be used as such. Agreements should be honoured. You can't hurt a vegetable's feelings by eating steak.) Well maybe being a vegan is healthier. How committed am I to achieving absolutely every global maxima possible? Is that even worth doing? I imagine not. Surely that's overkill. Or is it? What I do know is that you typically have to pick one battle at a time, so if you're working on getting better at playing the guitar, you probably won't simultaneously be able to achieve a personal best at work unless you've really formed those habits... it's all pretty complex and it's hard to make valid general statements so I don't think I should even try.

All I'm saying is... I enjoy candy, I enjoy cigarettes, and I enjoy things that are attractive in any sense, sexual, intellectual, whetever. I do know that I hate this at annoying feeling of overconsumption and binging... deja vu, I've written about this before. This insight itself isn't new but the chalenge is figuring out how to implement it in a sustainable way that informs your behaviour. How do you change habits once you acknowledge they need changing? That's a different question from how do you know if you really, truly want to change something? And that too is a different question from how should you allocate your cognitive resources? That's probably the most important question. As it stands I'm about to reach home and I've written a blogpost that's messy, convoluted, inconsistent, maybe even horrid.

But I don't care, I'm committed to seeing this journey through. This is the dragon I must slay- 1000 x 1000 words. I think I'm better suited to it than anything else. I don't know if I should really exercise or really quit smoking- I mean I DO, but I have niggling doubts and a sense of obligation and "oh well, I guess I ought to, it's good for me." But writing is something I'd do even if it hurt, if it were bad for me, if... you know what I mean. I will out-write myself. If there is some sort of certainty in my life this might be it. My wife has loads of potential and would be a better writer/thinker than me if she put herself out there, but nobody's going to put themselves out there as much as me. Or something like that. Fuck it, this is just a sketch. Dinner time. I will be better tomorrow.

It's a new week. I had a silly minor epiphany yesterday: I ought to get really good at my job. I'm not sure why this wasn't obvious before- maybe it took me some time to get into the swing of things. I've been working since February- so it's been about six months. I've learnt quite a bit, but I'm not satisfied with the quality and quantity of my output. I know I can do more, and I know I can do better. It's funny, I finally have the opportunity to truly exercise all the skills, concepts and ideas I've learnt about over the years. I've got a kickass opportunity to learn and deliver, and yet I catch myself coasting from time to time. This will not do. I can do more, I must do more.

I arrived at this thought while decluttering my online life- sorting and deleting bookmarks, pruning. I was thinking that I needed to eliminate the non-essential and identify what I ought to focus on. This is a never-ending thing, isn't it? But I'm thinking of a more long-term thing, 2-3 years down the line. And I realize I wouldn't really be content getting really good at doing introspective pieces or social commentary columns. I think I'll always do them and I'd like to get better at doing them for their own sake, like learning to get better at the guitar. But I think that doesn't hit the spot, doesn't give me the deeper sort of satisfaction that I think is lacking in my life.

I'm well aware of the pitfalls and illusions- or at least, I'm aware the they exist. Satisfaction is a moving target, you'll never be satisfied. A lot of life satisfaction comes from simple things like a good book, good conversations with friends, the right lighting and mood (lifting some of this from Jason Silva's short video on ecstasy, which I thoroughly concur with.) That strikes me as a sort of spiritual masturbation though- which, like physical masturbation, I think can be very healthy and positive, or it can also become a sort of crutch, an addiction. But an addiction to a good, healthy and wholesome life doesn't seem to be a particularly bad deal. A lot of satisfaction is about perspective, frame of reference, mindfulness, compassion, gratitude, kindness. I wonder if it's possible to overdose on kindness or develop a gratitude addiction.

So once we get those subjectives out of the way- internal variation, which can account for most of the quality of one's life experience, what next? Analogy: it's wonderful to learn to love one's body no matter what, but that love should inform one's actions, right? You should know what you can't change, but your love for yourself should eventually lead you to being healthy, exercising and eating well, no? What if it doesn't? What if your subjective internal lens allows you to justify self-abuse? I think there are two failsafes to that- emotions and peers. It's unlikely that you'll be happy and unhealthy... actually it's really hard to talk about this. So complex and everything is subjective. What is healthy? What is happy? Need better questions.

How about this- we assume that healthier = happier, but would you rather be healthy and unhappy or happy and unhealthy? Supposing that there are no middle options. It's still complicated depending on the lasting nature of either. I have a friend who had some body issues who then channeled it into obsessively getting fit and healthy to the point that it affected her social life.

Then it gets interesting- some of the hardcore fitness community asserts that you should always eat clean, avoiding alcohol and any unhealthy food even at festive occasions with family. They argue that if your friends and family encourage you to be unhealthy in any way, then you need new friends and family. Seems a little extreme, but that's easy for a skinnyfat cigarette smoker to say.

What if such a life brings greater net joy and happiness? The friend I described earlier has since loosened up slightly and indulges sometimes, while remaining incredibly fit and healthy. I'm incredibly proud of her, her focud and dedication. It's a sort of relentless energy I enjoy witnessing. People like that give you permission to be more then you are, just by showing you how it's done.

So there's that element of imbalance, right? What started as body image issues became the fuel for a fit machine, and despite some dark days the end-state was a more global optima. I suppose the same question is asked by creatives- should you allow your despair to influence your art, or should you fix it where you stand, sans art? Should I nurture things like jealousy and narcissism with the intention of channeling them to hopefully productive pursuits? How does that measure up to the detached, grateful life?

Now that's a question I'd like to ask successful people. Many tend to focus on the world rather than themselves- oh, I was frustrated with this problem so I had to fix it... aren't these things typically perceived as neurotic? Would people be happier? What if Steve Jobs was happy with what he did early on and left it at that- go home and be a family man.

A part of me is aware that all of this is partially a parlour game- discussions people have to distract themselves from doing work. Should I be happy or be healthy? Bitch please, think about that question over some steamed chicken breast or a nice long run, not cigarettes and alcohol. Worrying about this is premature optimization, one of those questions buddha said not to give a fuck about. But it does inform your big picture, doesn't it? I imagine my boss would say that it's okay not to have a clear big picture- you know you want to be happy and healthy to some degree, so take actions that help you achieve one or the other or both, and you can refine as you go.

Happiness and health, satisfaction and influence, they can and do overlap. An old friend told me that I want respect but don't give it or earn it. He's quite right. I don't just want respect out of the sky, though. I feel weird when people tell me they like my writing because this is shit. I don't want to be respected for who I am, I want to grow and develop myself into somebody who makes a real difference. Writing in this passive journalistic sense doesn't quite cut it. Journalism is awesome when it asks the tough questions and breaks news, but not so impressive when you're either a government mouthpiece or an armchair critic. I watched the national day rally yesterday and it was fun to participate in the twitterverse while it was happening, but really I didn't achieve anything particularly fruitful. Education is a pretty noble thing- you make a real difference in people's lives. But if you join the MOE and work as a teacher in a school I imagine that it's an incredibly frustrating experience.

It's pretty clear to me that entrepreneurship is the best way to make a difference, because then you chart uncharted territories and build new things. I know, that's a really blunt statement. I'm a big fan of Tong Yee and School Of Thought, which tie entrepreneurship and education together.

reached work, gotta cut this short- what I'm getting at is how it's more important to do stuff than to talk about stuff, and for the most part I talk about stuff. I'll be able to do more for the world if I do stuff. This isn't a particularly new realization, but I think it's important to revisit it and use it to compel me to act- and I think I'm still figuring out precisely what it is that I'm going to do that's good and meaningful.

Learn as we go

1: I have a habit of writing and thinking in a double-barrelled fashion. What do I mean? There, I just did it- writing AND thinking. It's just the way I've rolled so far. It's like a tic. I chunk multiple things together in parallel. Sometimes it's elucidatory. But it's also a convenient way to weasel out of being precise. It also allows me to feel (and sound) like I'm covering a larger area. (I jist did that again, but this time it was semi-deliberate.) I think there are appropriate contexts (I would've otherwise said time and spaces) to utilize such devices effectively. The challenge is to use them purposefully. Writing for ReferralCandy is forcing me to be more ruthless in my writing. There's less room for wide strokes when you're writing about things that are more technical. It's an interesting challenge.

2: I was reading a lot of Paul Graham recently and I'm won over by the idea of using extensive footnotes. David Foster Wallace used them too, and while I haven't really dived into his work properly, I've enjoyed what I've seen so far. (My first introduction to him was when I submitted my blog to a "see who you write like" bot. Cheesy but it was the arbitrary connection that just stuck in my head.)

I love making digressions. I almost can't help it- I hate the idea of not sharing all these auxillary details. Aren't we impoverished when denied context? This informs my writing style to a dramatic degrre- which is why I use so many commas, em dashes, parentheses, fragments. I write like I talk like I think- very messily. More fox than hedgehog, clearly.

That said, I am well aware of both the weaknesses and limitations of such thought. (Here is me making mistake 1 again- is it necessary to distinguish between weaknesses and limitations in situation? Is it purposeful? Not really. It's a tic.) The problem with constant digression is that it weakens the forcefulness of a single, well-placed point. The clutter serves to distract rather then inform.

So I really like the idea of footnotes, because it means you can get the expanded context later. You don't need to know the ultra-specific details now, you can get the gist of the story first. Beautiful.

3: I'm experimenting with chunking up my thoughts in numbered bullet points. This is very context-dependent of course. I think it's useful in something like these word vomits, which are highly unstructured. I think it will help me on retrospect if and when I want to condense older posts into succinct blurbs.
All of these are simply ruminations upon the same fundamental idea, that style evolves to suit context- like how city birds develop shorter, more rap-like songs as opposed to the longer country melodies of birds in the countryside. (Same for humans, and it seems, same for anything that communicates.)

4: I ended abruptly while exploring the idea of entrepreneurship as the best way to contribute to humanity. Of course this is a highly subjective claim so I'll have to add all kinds of conditional statements. I always like to begin with the history of a term or an idea: So entrepreneur comes from the word enterprise and has to do with a French term for undertaking.

I like to think of it as construction. A business is built. You put together a structure that creates value, creates wealth. There are lots of ways to create wealth. The challenge is to create lasting wealth that can be reused, replicated, shared, propogated, built upon. Good books and websites can contribute to this in the realm of ideas, but nothing is quite as significant or impactful as business.

Stealing this one wholesale from ribbonfarm.com and mixing in some vague ideas from pop biology... in a sense a lot of life is about exchange and transactions- subatomic, chemical, genetic... and commerce is a part of that too, a living process. Transactions and exchange at an epic scale. Remixing physical commodities, development, differentiation. Man I really need to read and think more, this is all so vague. The hypothesis is that businesses influence reality more than most other things because they have power, influence, resources. There are also cultural things to consider. (God, this is so terribly vague and obtuse. I'm partially tired and sleepy, and I'm partially incompetent at talking about these things.)

Refresh: There are many ways to make a mark in the world, which we'll assume is a natural biological (or more deep rooted) impulse for at last some of us. Just saw this on Twitter: Why write? George Orwell: "Political purpose... push the world in a direction, alter peoples’ idea of the society they should strive after."

I'm now approaching a question that I had started with when talking to my colleagues over drinks once- how do you decide what you ought to do if you feel like you're flexible enough to try a whole bunch of stuff? I'm pretty sure I'd get bored of doing any one thing for too long. Writing might always have to be auxillary, at least most of the time. It's important to have things to write about. I think my wife's a great writer even though she hasn't really written very much yet because she has this almost innate ability to pick the most beautiful points, targets, things to focus on. That's the hardest part of training to be a writer or an artist, I think. Picking the right dots to connect. Connecting a set of dots is fairly trivial once you've got them, and it can be broken down into a science. But choosing the right dots? That's almost magical- though surely that can be developed, too. You have to have taste. You get great points via negativa- you develop taste and that taste eliminates the lousy and weak points before they even really enter your consciousness.

Feel like I'm losing flow with this one. Will get off the vomit and focus on tidying up my bookmarks further.
1: relative ages
2: twitter impulse
3: waking earlier but lingering in bed
4: underestimating the seemingly trivial, daily blogging and fat guys in remedial training.

One.
I just got on the bus and the first thing I noticed was an NSF in uniform, and the firsr thoughts that flashed through my mind was something along the lines of "heh, look at this kid".

I did my national service between 2010 and 2012. I had repeated a year in JC so I was a year older than my JC peers- of which there were few in the storeman region. My CQ was a JC kid a year younger than me. When I recoursed BMT, 3/4 of my bunkmates were younger than me. A few were older. It was a unique and interesting experience. One of them had been in jail for drugs. My sargeants during my recourse were almost all younger than me. Same for my peers in signals. Throughout NS I encountered some really simple-minded fellas and a few remarkable, admirable ones. My heart is a little heavy thinking about it. Those were a lot of experiences in 2 years... it feels like I kind of buried them in a limbo of drudgery and repetitiveness. I really do feel a need to write some sort of memoir... I definitely learned a lot about people in NS. Despite being extroverted, I was a loner in JC. I think i don't like relationships that require synchronous presence. They drain me. I'm best as an asynchronous, penpal type friend. Seek my personal companionship and I will disappoint you.

Something to work on.

Anyway all I wanted to say was- it's funny to juxtapose the "kid NSF" idea against how much more mature secondary school and JC kids looked when I was in primary school. NSFs looked mature when I was in JC. But really, everybody is lost ans confused to some degree, just figuring it out along the way. There's something to that. A theme or motif worth exploring in fiction, I think. I'll leave it at that.

Two.
I found myself thinking about witty tweets earlier. It's just a thought that enters my head, almost fully formed. A running commentary on the state-of-affairs. This was going on during #ndrsg too. I think improv comedians and people like Russell Brand have this thing running in overdrive in their heads 24/7- it's practically a membrane between their inner worlds and external reality, a lens.

I found myself thinking about one of Graham's essays- it's very important to "control" what you think about in the shower, or when you're daydreaming. You can't directly intervene, of course, but your thoughts are largely determined by set and setting, context and circumstance. I think that's part of the hidden cost of Facebook, if you're an attention-seeking narcissist like myself. You spend a lot of your background processing resources thinking about the next status update you're going to write. You might not realize that you're thinking it, but it's at the cost of what you could've been subconsciously working on instead.

My challenge is to get my subconscious thinking about better problems. But the subconscious follows the path of least resistance. This is why meditation is so important, because it allows you to zoom out of the map and see what the better paths are, not the easiest ones. The things truly worth doing are never easy, but the subconscious is always looking for easy- ay, there's the rub.

It's also necessary to get subconscious resources away from silly things like processing unknown clutter- so it's important to tidy shit up and get niggling tasks out of the way so your mind can focus on the important things. I think. That's my hypothesis and I'm sort-of testing it. This is boring to repeat. The point I wanted to make is that for me, things like Facebook and Reddit are almost parasitic. Different people might respond differently but for me Facebook was an addiction. It was simpler than real life. I was able to get Facebook likes more easily than to do whatever work I needed to be doing. Maybe I'll do a Poached article about this.

Wow I'm only 2 points in and I'm almost at work. This is always a humbling lesson in how easy it is to underestimate the time costs of any given project. Overestimate self, underestimate complexity and unexpected side-tracks.

Three:
I woke up early today but I lingered in bed and "went back to sleep" twice. It's a silly habit that I'd really like to hack, but I'm not sure how much of a priority that should be. I read somewhere that you can actually practice it- lie down, set a really soft alarm, get up when you hear it. Get into the habit of getting up. I like the idea of it but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it particularly soon. I should, though, it would be good for me. Maybe I should start using my gtasks again. I dont know. Don't wanna think too much about it at the moment. Focus my thoughts on work.

Four:
When I had to go for remedial training (irresponsibly forgot about my IPPT, kept putting it off, missed my reminders because
I changed my phone number...), I was startled by how unfit the older guys were. I mean you see unfit guys all the time here and there, but it's really something to see when you gather a whole bunch of them in a single space. It vaguely reminded me of the obese batch on tekong- there's something about seeing a large group of large young men that really hits you. I specifically remember thinking that for some of these guys, NS might actually be lifesaving. They mighr literally die without it. But back fo RT- you see guys who you can tell were once fit. I'm reminded of my secondary school maths teacher showing us his NS photos- young, slim, fit! But life gets in the way. Clearly the world after NS and University can wear you down into a flubby blob if you're not paying attention. I re-realize the power of peer pressure- one of my colleagues goes for a run every week, another plays soccer, another goes wakeboarding. There's a girl in the adjacent office who's in the national basketball team. I can so imagine how easy it would be for an entire group of working adults to end up drinking, smoking and eating unhealthily day in day out, killing themselves.

I guess the point of that is I really need to set aside time for exercise, for dates with the wife, for conversations with friends. Some say that life's what happens when you're busy making other plans. One shouldn't spend much time planning, I think, but plans should be made, because otherwise nothing outside one's immediate locus of convenience will take place- and life begins at the end of your comfort zone.

Alright! This is starting to feel really natural now, I write in evernote on my way to and from office. I'm not sure why I prefer writing in evernote instead of WordPress but I'll just stick with what works for now. If I can churn out two vomits per weekday, that's ten a week. It'll take me 10 weeks to do 100. I have about 920 more to go, so 92 weeks. That's about two years. Seems doable, though of course that's really premature. Making assumptions about what I'm going to be doing. (Holy crap the trains are crowded.) But this is a nice pace, i'll cross 100 vomits in a couple of weeks. I wonder when I should start summarizing them, if I should at all.

I think I'm getting more excited about work. It's taken longer than I'd have liked, but there's so much to learn and so much to do. I wonder how much we can grow by the end of the year. I wonder what are the unknowns that are going to make things unexpectedly interesting. What are the quantum leaps? There are surely some!

I've been spending more time on twitter. There's something about the structure of twitter that makes it seem more receptive to power usage than say a regular Facebook profile. This is partially because you don't have to follow someone to interact with them. If you make something good, it can get shared in a more "atomic" way. I'm not sure how to describe this with more precision. I'll get better at it in time.

Of all my social media profiles, my Quora posts have been most successful. This has given me a false sense of confidence and control, making me feel like I know what I'm doing when I really don't. My Facebook profile was probably the second most successful but it was more time intensive. I enjoyed it but it was a huge time sink and I'm not sure if the juice was worth the squeeze.

If I study my own experience, Quora and independent blogging are the best uses of time. (In the return-on-time-investment sense.) I think search traffic has something to do with it. Blog content can be Googled, and Quora's questions mean a ready-and-waiting audience for some questions. If you find a question with many followers but no answers, you've got an opportunity for engagement. The most general principle is always good and useful content- if you make something good, people will find a way to it. All you need to do is put it out there. The act of putting stuff out there is an entire science in itself. Reddit is an interesting and useful resource. So are online forums if you can find something that's in the niche of whatever it is you're writing about.

I'd like to get better at this. I suppose to be cheesy you could say I'd like to be a competent growth hacker, for my own ends and for the work that I do. But I don't want it to be fake, forced or insincere. There has to be a middle path. "Give it time" is valid but incomplete. What should you do with that time? You should be constantly producing, that's the inescapable first principle- but how do you get better? In a way it's like learning a musical instrument. You have to practice hard everyday. That goes without saying. But once you've got that down- and I think I kind of do- how do you turn that practice into something deliberate and constructive? You don't want to fall into the trap of noodling around the same things over and over again. You need to identify your weak spots and demolish them. I don't do this well enough. I'm not deliberate enough- and I think this applied to a lot of things. Music, writing, engagement.

I wonder about curation and pruning. Let's talk about my blog, specifically. I have about 700-800 blog posts at the moment. Should I just leave them be? Intuitively I think the answer is no. I should make it easier for visitors to just plug-and-play.

Which brings me to the question: what use is my blog? What value does it have in the world? It's a little useful to some people looking for some things. I think it should function for me as a tool of inquiry. What have I learnt? What do I need to talk about?

Maybe I can flip it on its head and think about what not to do. In 2011 I used to write cliche "guide" posts like how to x or y. These posts helped me learn to write, but they weren't very useful because I was- and still am- a nobody. I can't play poker for shit, so why should anybody care about what I have to say about life lessons from poker or anything like that? I can't write very well about things I know little about, and it shows. I really have to mine my own experiences and be as painfully honest as possible- only then is the writing any use.

Consider the "everything is technology" lens. Paul Graham's essays are useful because they provide us with a way of seeing things. Arguments and perspectives are presented, and you can try them on like eyeglasses. Every book or work of art is a pair of eyeglasses. Different glasses have different effects on different people depending on your previous experiences and perspectives. Two pairs of eyes can be affected very differently by the same pair of glasses. So trying to make a useful pair of glasses for everybody is nearly impossible- you'll end up with something very bland, neutral, forgettable. The thing about cultural lenses is that they're hard to try on and put aside. They're not so easily interchangeable. The effects can be permanent. This may or may not be desirable. Life itself is impermanent so... Some effects are more persistent than others, and harder to reverse. Let's leave it at that.

(holw shit, this word vomit ended up at over 2000 words. spltting it in two)
So. What and where is Changi airport? And how do I buy or acquire a ticket? And what do I have to do to pay for or earn that ticket? If I met Seth Godin or Paul Graham or Jimmy Wales or Elon Musk any of those cool people, I wouldn't have anything useful to tell them. That sucks. I don't just want to be some passive fan in the crowd, I want to get onstage and play some awesome music. I just remembered watching the Tesla shareholder meeting where this guy essentially begged Musk for a job. Musk was pretty gracious about it (I think because of his own past experience doing cold approaches like at Netscape), but I couldn't help but cringe for the guy.  Begging is a very bad strategy. (The only worse strategy is to do nothing at all.) Seduction is a good metaphor here. You want to be headhunted. Tesla and SpaceX ARE hiring. The goal should be to be so good that they can't ignore you. (Should I be reading more Cal Newport? )

Even if I suddenly made a lot of money, what good would that do me? I'd do things like get nicer clothes and shoes. Work out more. Really?  Who am I kidding? I can do these things right now. I can get fitter. I can develop more refined social graces with deliberate practice. I don't need money to do that. I might get less jittery when playing poker, but there are multiple ways to skin that cat. But what? What then? I have this library of books I'd like to read. That's just something I feel like I need to do, I feel like I'd be a better,  more thoughtful and wise person for it. I'd understand the world better.

Erm, but what is it exactly that I don't understand right now? I think the most pressing thing is computers and programming. I'd like to understand that stuff better. I hate feeling like I don't understand computers. I'd like to build one from scratch. I think that would make me very happy, that would be a useful skill, experience, journey. I'd like to learn to code so I'd have more computing power to explore currently-vague questions in my mind. Maybe I'll find that I enjoy contributing to open source. I can envision Google maps being far more awesome than is today, but I am oblivious to how it works. What the hell is an API? Why do I not know this? This is the stuff that should replace tits and ass on tumblr. I don't think I can juggle too much in my head. It has to be keyhole surgery, like Harford described. Where should I begin? Music? I'm hungry for growth and learning but my progress is slow because there isn't a clear path. I don't have a counter-insurgency manual.

I was thinking about information diets and diets in general- how it seems extreme to deliberately starve oneself of something for an indefinite period of time. Surely the occasional cigarette, whiskey, chocolate, porn video- can't be all that bad as long as the rest of your life is in order? An obsession with freedom is in itself another pair of handcuffs, isn't it? But that's the simplicity on the other side of complexity. You can only discard that ladder after you've climbed it, otherwise you'll (I mean I'll) use it as an excuse to remain stagnant, static, setting-sun, defensive... I just realized that me stayinf in my comfort zone is no different from the record companies and big businesses I laugh at because they can't pivot,  can't innovate, are structurally condemned to being eaten alive. I am that old company, stuck in that local optima, trying to hang on despite greatly diminishing returns. It's like being stuck on a small hill when there's a flood, and refusing to swim into the open sea to reach a higher peak... it seems irrational from the global view, but not from the local view. So I neex to constantly kick my own ass ans constantly see the global view. I hope this daily writing habit makes me do that. I have faith that it will. You can't do something every single day and not be changed by it.

I need more momentum- and this isn't external energy, it's momentum from within me. I just need to use a little bit of energg to blockade the paths of least resistance. I cannot and should not go online when I get home. I'm going to get in, kiss my wife, do some pushups and squats, clean the cat litter, take a dump, shower, have dinner, get a quant of work done, maybe do some reading and go to bed- and tomorrow I'm going to snap out of bed insteas of snoozing two hours away. Life is too precious to snooze on a regular basis. Once in a while maybe, but it cannot and should not be a norm. It's a really silly problem to have,  a coping mechanism I've developed because I'm so afraid of facing the world with all my unfulfilled obligations. So this is the strategy then. Seems doable. Write everyday to focus my thoughts. I'm going to start meditating in the morning if possible.

Okay I'm home, it's a wrap. Wow, that was two word vomits in one session.
Before that- I was looking at my past few vomits on my blog and thought whoa, that's quite a lot of text.

I was always known by my friends as the guy who talks too much, who rudely interjects and interrupts everybody because he got so much to say, or because he's ignorant and stupid, or because he's just selfish.

I think selfishness is rarely malicious, I think it's typically the manifestation of ignorance. Maliciousness itself is typically ignorance. I mean come on, what's the point of being selfish or malicious or hurtful? Life is too short and harsh. We all want to be flattered, loved, respected,  adored. We all want to avoid pain and suffering where possible.

But it gets complex and messy because sometimes it seems like a zero sum game. Erm... I'm lapsing into stuff I say without being fullu engaged.

I don't think anybody actually wants to go around hurting, upsetting or offending people. We're just needy and we want to feel valid, significant, relevant. I think I was impatient and anxious most of the time. Insecure. I probably still am.

I was thinking the other day- a friend was lamenting the fate of the polar bears. And all these thoughts came into my mind- why are you so upset about the polar bears? The earth has been through a lot worse in climatic fluctuations, there are other less cute animals in worse situations... but then I stopped and thought- why does it matter to me how he feels about polar bears? Who am I to intrude on his feelings and tell him how he ought to feel? Nobody! I just make connections in my head all the time and I feel a pressing urge to share them- perhaps as an assertion of self-worth, I must be worth something if I have something to say.

I don't think I think that way though- I think I've always operated in a free-for-all, anything goes, everybody should share everything on their minds all the time kind of perspective. My dad's quite like that. He's very loud and brash and interrupts everyone. I grew up in that household and I grew up on internet forums where you get points for being witty and pointing out the mistakes and errors of others. But I see now how that's a limited way of operating, a limited paradigm. Within this paradigm, if I tell you something, you're obliged to criticize it while I defend it- that's a good thing, it's an honour to have someone explore my idea with me. That's a very combative, debate-centric approach. If you interrupt me with something else altogether I'll try to work with that- may the most important or interesting train of thought win! I think Marcus Geduld described a family like that.

My wife's not like that, except in dire circunstances. Quite a few of my peers are not like that. Possibly most of the world isn't like that. Most people aren't interested in fighting all the time. They want you to listen, to interpret without interrupting. I need go learn to do that. I think I've made some progress over the years but there's still a long way to go. I think Robert Greene's 48 laws of power opened my eyes to seeing how others might view my style in a much, much more negative light than I could've imagined by myself. Recommend it to anybody who has the same problem as me.

That said I wanted to test the hypothesis that I talk so much because I crave social validation. It seemed so, because I was always taking to people, talking over people. I'm biased, so I like to think that there's more to me than selfish, childish self-obsession. I like to share things that I think are genuinely interesting and valuable. An old friend told me that we had once met for dinner and he was feeling really down- I barely remember it- but apparently I had cheered him up with by talking passionately about something. Maybe I wasn't specifically trying to help him- I was just being myself in a space where I attempt to interact with other players (in this case him) in my sphere and I had stuff to share so I shared it.

I understand that it might not be socially acceptable, desirous. That's part of why I deactivated Facebook. I think I had gotten into this messy tangle of highly complex relationships (in the series-of-interactions sense) and I needes a reset button. I couldn't argue on Facebook that I don't really need Facebook. That doesn't work no matter how eloquent the argument. Demonstration is always more powerful than rhetoric.

If it were true that all I care about is social validation then I wouldn't still be writing this,  would I? The format is deliberately inaccessible. I used to blog with linkbait headlines, complaining about the government and playing up to the crowd. In a sense this 1000 sets of 1000 vomits is a deliberate isolation. My little, feeble attempt at a sort od mini Walden.

I firmly believe that people deserve their space. They deserve the right to walk away, to say no, I'm tired, I'd rather not hang out today... I believe that I have always respected this wish in others. I hate the idea of conning or coercing someone into something through persistence and direct pressure... I'm sorry to anybody who feels like I'm abandoning them. But I'm not that important. I'm not that useful. I'm ignorant, incompetent, and I really mean it when I say I'm not worth anybody's time. I think it's really important to begin there. I am temporary, everything is temporary. I cannot ask anything of you. That's that.

I have a lot of writing to do for work, some editing. It's a little bit scary but also exciting. I tend to take longer than absolutely necessary- I'm reminded of my gig reviews for timbre rock and roots, which took me forever to write. I did all my research and learnt about all the artists,  their lives and careers... I just think it's important. If you're going to pay tribute to something you need to understand the broader context. You need to do the reading. I truly believe that. I'd want anybody else to do the same for me.

The problem is when this clashes against deadlines and becomes an excuse to delay and procrastinate. There has to be a faster way of doing things. Rush, finish, reiterate.

reached work
I found myself thinking about education earlier and how frustrating it is to learn things that you're not interested in. I was thinking about how I was learning the guitsr yesterday night, making progress by focusing on some really concrete simple goals- learn a riff, learn a chord, that's it. Bigger things are harder.  So yeah I really need to chunk things into smaller tasks because it's really hard to get go the elephants in the room.

So angry. So angry. Have I ever been this angry in a video game?  I suppose it's vaguely equivalent to facing a boss over and over again and making  little to no difference. Dying over and over again. It means that you're not ready. You're not good enough. You need to get out and go level. So I really need to reduce everything to the bloody basics and kill the rats. God I'm so angry with myself!!! This will not do, this is not who I want to be. There is a part of me that needs serious demolishing. It's sickening. It's an illness. A kind of hostage situation. Need to calm down. I find myself grasping at straws and even looking for ways to blame other people for the shitty state in in. How pathetic is that? Jeez. I suppose the word vomits should be a slight consolation but they're not,  I don't fully feel it yet.  Why do I even think or care about guitar?  I suppose it's a path of less resistance thing. I should be able to get all my shit done at work so that I can truly relax and do my own thing when I'm home, spend time with the wife etc.

I have issues, really. How many times must you acknowledge something before it really feels... real? I need to put things down in writing. Gah this feels so juvenile. Let it go, let it go. There is only this moment.

I don't really know what to write right now. Kinda stumped. Saw something on GetMotivated about a guy asking for examples of what it's like to get off Facebook. Btw did I mention that I was tempted to get back on Facebook? Jesus no. I created a work account, the only thing on that profile is my work Page.

I missed two vomits- one because I was rather stressed and upset with myself for being unproductive and another because I had run out of battery- forgot to charge my phone. But I'm right back on this, I'm going to get right back on track because I think clearly this is good for me and I'm not really doing anything better with my transit time to and from work anyway.

I had a rather startling realisation yesterday- which is that I tend to 'crash' in productivity after lunch, and I think that has to do with my eating habits. I think I'm not eating enough,  or eating right. I'm tall and skinny and have low blood pressure- I can get a little bit giddy/dizzy/lethargic quite easily. I tend to skip breakfast which I'm now thinking is a bad idea. Will have to experiment with this.

The things holding me back are the same things- distractions, lack of routine and lack of structure. I need to avoid falling into the trap of "Yay I acknowledge my problems, well done me, I'm such an acknowledger. Pat on back." This will not do. Knowledge has to lead to action or it's essentially worthless (for all practical purposes other than feeling better about oneself). The opposite extreme is equally untenable- there's no sense in excessive self-flagellation. It makes more sense to get shit done than to spend time and energy punishing oneself for not getting sit done.

I made some progress on the guitar the past couple of days. It's like a little personal victory. I've also been doing pushups when I get home which is a good thing. But these things are not enough and they're not focused on the things I really ought to be doing. I have messed up priorities. I think I have a vague sense of what my priorities should be but I'm not acting accordingly. The solution can't be to waste time on productivity porn. I have to know what needs to be done, work-wise, and do it. I'm planning to do it later when I get home. Will I do it? I think I'll have to disconnect from the internet. I have to do my dailies- I keep writing off the importance of doing dailies for everything from niggling work bits to pushups and water consumption. I need to build my focus muscle. These word vomits are helpful but they're not enough. Okay. That's that.

I don't want to talk about social issues. My opinions on things like lgbt and manning and snowden are inconsequential, they're distractions, the lazy unfocused mind assuning control. While playing guitar I remembered the importance of practicing the basics very carefully, very slowly. I have never really learnt to do this at an industrial scale and this is above all else what I need to be doing. How much time and energy can a person waste talking about what they ought to be doing instead of doing it? In my case the answer seems to be a lot, infinite, limitless. I know that gamification helpd so I should stick to it.

A part of my mind is saying you should use these moments to think directly about work but meh I'm not sure if I should do that.  I should probably do work-based word vomits independently of my personal ones, and I shoulf probably make it a part of a routine. My lack of commitment to routines is a worrying thing and it's a part of me that I have to brutally murder and distance myself from. Willpower is limited, cognitive resources are limited, so I really have to allocate them as ruthlessly as possible. My work could get a lot more interesting and exciting if I did my job at a scale of magnitude better then I'm expected to.

Getting off Facebook is proving to be insufficient. It's one data point and it's proof that I'm happier when disengaged from unscheduled small talk. I should experiment with disengagement from pretty much everything else. Shouldn't be that hard to do, it's the sticking to it that's the challenge. I'm thinking I should build off of this vomit habit. I should use these as meditative mind-clearing re-focusing exercises everyday to keep me on track because I definitely need help. I definitely can't do this by doing what I've always been doing. Some sort of change is necessary and arguing "small or big" is potentially a wasteful and elaborate distraction. (Let's get it out of the way: small is maybe easier but perhaps less effective, big is traumatic and might possibly get rejected by the broader subconscious... which sounds like bullshit but I think is a real political concern, a consideration that cannot be ignored if I'm serious about change.)

These considerations cannot be at the expense of action. Ready shoot aim. I am rash and abrasive about many things but surprisingly not about this. I'm a shy pathetic Conservative when it comes to personal change and this will surely not do when there is much changing that needs doing.

Hope these observations will be of use.

I had a thought this morning when I was having breakfast next to some businessmen at yakun kaya toast. I was eavesdropping a little bit and they were describing something that sounded like ruthless corporate slaughter, about crushing the competition in a way that sounded sociopathic. I remember thinking... nobody really tells you about this. Nobody tells you that we live in a cruel, ruthless world full of blood and viscera and people out to screw each other over. When do you really learn about rape? I feel like I was overly sheltered from reality in school. I don't mean things like about bills and work- that much was obvious. What they didn't tell me about was that it's turtles all the way down.

I often think about people who played a minor or insignificant role in my life. I wonder if some of them think about me, too. I wonder if I'm a big deal to somebody I don't know. I wonder how many of my childhood friends look at me with disgust and derision. I wonder so many things. Today's a nostalgic day. I wonder how the regulars I interacted with during NS are doing. Warrant Maniam passed away just months after I ORD'd. Fella was always threatening to charge me. I wonder why. I was nice to him. Some of the others weren't.
I dropped by the VS website a while ago for another nostalgia bomb, to see how the teachers are doing. Many familiar faces. I can't believe I spent 3 years in JC. Poly would've been a richer experience for me.

Haven't written because I feel like I'm repeating myself and I have zero authority. None, not even to speak for myself.

I've been paying some attention to the news- Chan Chun Sing is minister now, probably the first Minister who never had to run in a general election, and Vincent Wijeysingha resigned from the SDP, and an older me might take the time and trouble to write extensively about such things. But now that feels hollow and "participatory". I'm not sure if developing an opinion here is particularly useful. Well- it's a skill worth developing, knowing how to formulate an opinion, how to articulate it and communicate it effectively.

Well- I think the utility in that is primarily social. It makes you seem more impressive.
Yeah so I've been rather pessimistic and nihilistic lately. I'm probably taking some real benefits for granted. Of course it's good learning to think. The question is, how much does that influence what you do?

Erm, I'm in a messy spot here, let's tidy up.

1: Thinking is interesting, fun and somewhat fulfilling as a parlor game, just like any other decent game imaginable. It's nice to be good at it, and some people will reward you for it (assuming that you meet some basic thresholds of social acceptability, maybe, but even then there are exceptions).

2: Writing is a very effective way of articulating thought. It gives it structure, formalizing it.

3: One can think and write for a rather long time without having those thoughts significantly alter one's reality, one's station in life. This train of thought presupposes certain ideas, things like it's good and important to be happy and fulfilled in a way that involves a sustainable interaction with one's environment (so drugs and self-delusion are not valid options). I do not really care to defend these ideas- that is a parlor game in itself. There are resource costs to deliberation so I think it's clear that one should ruminate on whatever appears to be the best use of one's headspace.

Aside: I used to have a problem with such "drastic" "intervention". One should not meddle with the mind, I used to subconsciously argue. Odysseus shouldn't have tied himself to the mast, but he shouldn't have bothered with the sirens, either. Why did he even bother with the journey in the first place? Couldn't he have just sat around a fire with his friends, go fishing now and then, enjoy a simple life? Why make promises?

I've been away from Facebook and most social interactions outside of work and this kine of thought is becoming increasingly interesting to me- something I'd never truly considered before. Why bother with the heroism? Why not just live a simple, pleasant life of coffee and conversations?

Things are getting ugly in Syria. Easy to get outraged, but can I do anything? What's with this constant need to intervene? This is something I might not have fully addressed earlier. Why do I always want to be the hero?

Maybe attention is a kind of high fructose corn syrup, easy to get addicted to. Maybe I should read some Russell Brand. Fame is vacuous, pleasure comes from true, genuine interaction.

Was I getting at something here? I think it's really good that I went off Facebook and it's really good that I moved to the north and it's at least interesting, if not good, that I've been extricated from my former social circles. It's good to be away, or at least interesting.

My thoughts are unrefined today. Perhaps it's a lack of practice. But I don't care, I'll just write. So be it.

This was relatively meh but I'm chunking it up so that I can get around to the next one. All of these words are completely irrational filler just to make number. I know that I've crossed 1,500 and even 2,000 on some posts, so they definitely more than make up for one slight deficiency here, but I feel like it's not right. I feel like I have to hit the 1,000 mark no matter what. So there it is, here I am. Silly maybe, but it keeps me going and I think it's necessary to test this out.

I have been feeling slightly blocked for a while- though perhaps it might be more accurate to say that I am slightly blocked most of the time and that I have occasional moments of clarity. I haven't been doing these vomits regularly in a while. Won't try to explain it, just poor flow/energy management.

I've been reading. I read all of Ender's Game in a day. A respected friend recommended it to me once and I mentally put it in my "maybe read someday if the opportunity presents itself" list. Then I started work and a colleague used the author's name as a skype handle. I asked about it in some random conversation and more than a couple of colleagues said it was great. Now I really had to read it. If I got the chance. I still wasn't about to go looking for it or buy it, I was too busy with work. Then me and my wife found the book in one of those free library book exchange type things. I had to have it.

It sat on my shelf for a few days and then I picked it up. I skimmed a few pages before bed. I read it on the way to work, and on the way home. Then I stayed up until 330am, finishing it in a single sitting as my wife lay asleep next to me. I tossed and turned as I read, book up, book down. Was so thankful for the adjustable reading lights my wife bought us. (I think there's really something about how you need to move around to properly absorb something. Which makes sitting still in a classroom or lecture a really bad idea.)
It occurred to me that I hadn't done that in a really long time. The last books I remember devouring like that were the Harry Potter series. Since then maybe the Lord of the Rings, Carl Sagan's biography, Soul Made Flesh, The Black Swan and Antifragile, Malcolm Gladwell's books (particularly Outliers), The User Illusion,  Lost Illusions... okay, a few books. But the point is that I read vociferously as a child- obsessively, like an alcoholic. I'd wake up and read until my mom demanded I shower, and I'd read in bed until my sister demanded I turn off the light. (When you grow older, she told me, you'll wish you had time to sleep.)

I'm probably romanticizing this. I remember reading a Roald Dahl book while sprawled out on my sofa. I remember reading Enid Blyton books my mom got me, in my parents room. I remember reading a thick The Dark Is Rising tome at some boring wedding. Read a large chunk of the Mahabaratha at some temple event. Finished a buddy's copy of Norwegian Wood over stolen breaks while at Pulau Tekong. Remember borrowing books about volcanoes and hurricanes and tornados, and pyramids and mummies and dinosaurs.

The library was a wonderland before the internet. I borrowed books about chess and video games. I had books on HTML, Java, C++... though I never properly learnt anything other than the first. I remember reading The Golden Compass... I think during primary school. The Pearl for a secondary school assignment. Charlotte's Web, Friedrich, a Wrinkle in Time. Flowers for Algernon. I remember a book called When Hitler Stole Pink Rabbit. Another rather weird one called Finn Family Moomintroll. I remember reading about knights. I remember a collection of Aesop's fables and I remember reading an older version of Aladdin over and over again. There was something about trees with jewels in it. I remember reading about cars and trains and engines and planes, asteroids, meteors, cells, bones, carnivorous plants.
Anyway the point is that reading was a big part of my life- and a very valuable part too, I think. And I'm excited to revisit that. I think getting off Facebook helps. I think having a bookshelf and not having a TV helps. Having a laptop doesn't help. Haha. But I want to read. I want to break past my current plateau. I think there could be a lot of value in intelligent quotes and reviews of good books.
Writing's important too. I had to take a break from Poached magazine for a while because I honestly felt like I had nothing useful to say. I didn't know what I wanted people to think or talk about. Writing is a form of inquiry- what do you do when your inquiring leads you to the realization that you ought to shut up for a while? Well, that's what I did. I think there is great value in decoupling oneself from the hustle and bustle of immediate relations and familar habits. I think I need to travel. Whatever it takes to break out of established routines so you can make yourself uncomfortable. In a positive sense, where you're forced to pay attention to your surroundings, to your self.

I think I'm becoming a better writer. I don't think it'll show in these vomits but I think I see it in my work. I was looking at a draft of a blogpost I had written in February and I was disgusted with how meandering and rambly it was. I was trying to impress by bringing in all these slightly-interesting tangential facts while neglecting the central hook. Story of my life, maybe. Fixation with icing, neglecting the actual cake. That's how I survived for a long time so I have to rewire my brain at a very fundamental level. I thought I made progress and indeed I might have, but the challenge remains undiminished. I have to bash myself against this wall like I might in a video game. I have to believe.

I had a thought about smoking and smokers and general procrastination or impulsiveness... something in there is about a lack of faith in the self and a lack of faith in the future. At some level it might be "tomorrow me will take care of it". But that doesn't seem like a real conviction, a sincere belief. It's just lip service. If you sit a procrastinator down and point out their past history of failure, and they're intelligent (as many procrastinators disproportionately are, I'm sure), they'll have to admit it: they can't be trusted. Procrastination is not very different from substance abuse. I think so because of the parallels in my experiments with reducing smoking, Facebook and procrastination. I'm not sure what these precisely are, maybe I'm imagining it. But they all involve certain conceptions of the present and the future in a way that's irrational from a global perspective, yet seems to make sense in a local, present perspective. There seems to be a "get this pleasure now while it's guaranteed because you don't know how fucked up the future might be". The influence of the present on the future is vastly underestimated, even altogether ignored.

At work now. To be continued.

I'm a person with the problem:

Hi, my name is Visa and I'm a horrible procrastinator. I've procrastinated all my life. I played a lot of video games. I can spend hours on social media, Twitter, Tumblr, you have it. I enjoy those things, they get me off. I can spend hours arguing with people online, because that gets me off, too. Unfortunately, I've never really been able to commit to working consistently at things that matter to me. My progress as a musician has been slow, shaky, and in pathetic bursts. The thing I do best is writing, and this comes from a childhood of severe book addiction... and lots of arguing on the internet.

I've tried the solutions and they all suck (for me): 

I have some things I feel very strongly about. I've tried many, many productivity apps. They all suck for me. I don't know if they work for you, but they suck for me. See, the thing about Pomodoro is... I click on one or two, and then I stop clicking. I get distracted and I stay distracted. To-do lists don't work for me. I either make massive lists that I don't get through, or whatever. I've tried keeping a calendar and scheduling stuff, but that doesn't work for me, either.

My problem is a lot more fundamental. It's deep-rooted, pathological. I need help that no other human being can provided, perhaps not even myself. I need the power and force of something relentless to keep me focused on the things that matter, while not allowing me to weasel my way out of things.

I think some dating sites have partially figured this out.

I was looking through a couple of dating sites today. I'm happily married, but I was studying social media (the resulting blogpost: What Is Social Media?) and trying to make sense of how to define it. In particular, I was curious about the pub/sub dynamics on dating sites.

I noticed something interesting. On Nerve.com and HowAboutWe.com, the sites attempt to game/modify your behaviour by getting you to come up with little bits of content that get published. They prompt you. What did you do last night? They prompt you. What books have you read? You start thinking, oh, golly. I better read an intelligent-sounding book so I can make an intelligent-sounding comment and snag myself an intelligent-sounding partner.

Wait-a-damn-second. Prompts affect thought. Control your thoughts and you control your actions, your destiny. Prompts modify behaviour. Prompts are the answer. I need to be constantly, incessantly reminded of what I'm interested in, what I'm excited about. I can't ask my friends or loved ones to do this for me, that's just a little pathetic. But maybe I could build something that did it for me. Maybe I could have an app or some sort of routine where I'm forced to build something, level up something.

Periodical Prompts To Solve Procrastination 

Something that asked me every 30 minutes, what the hell are you doing with your life? How are you getting from where you are to where you want to go? What little action have you taken towards your dreams? Have you done [your 1000 words] today? What do you care about? What's one little thing you could do to feel beter right now? What's the last thing you did to [get fitter]?

That's what I need. I need a constant stream of prompts reminding me to breathe, to sit taller, to write a blogpost, to meet somebody interesting. When was the last time you met somebody interesting? When was the last time you had a great conversation with someone? When was the last time you felt inspired? When was the last time you read a good book? Prompt me. Prompt me, damn it.

The problem with to-do lists... is that they're trying to help me fill a bucket. A bucket of things I'm supposed to do. This doesn't make sense at all. When I'm in the zone, I don't need a to-do list. I'm writing this like crazy when I'm on fire because I saw something earlier (I was on a dating site, thinking about social media), and then I read a few lines from Founders at Work while having a coffee downstairs, and then I was thinking about productivity and procrastination (a lifelong addiction and anxiety for me).

I don't need something to help me fill buckets better. I need something to set me on fire.

Somebody please direct me to something that systematically, periodically reminds me (or gets me to remind myself) of what I care about, what's important, what I ought to get pissed off by, what ought to put my ass to work.

The nitty gritty to-do list is like giving me a list of monsters I need to kill. I don't kill monsters because they're neatly ordered in a list. I kill them because I want to build my hero into someone amazing, and because I want the glory of conquest, the treasure at the end. THAT's what I need to be reminded of. I need to be reminded of what's at stake. Put me in a state regularly, like that, and I'll be the most productive bastard you know.

If somebody can build this for me, I'd pay $100 for it. Hell, give me a free trial for a month, and if it works, I'll pay you $100/month for it.

"Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire." - Willam Butler Yeats

"If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery

Build me something that lights fires, not fills pails. Don't drum me up to collect wood, make me long for the sea. Force me to say it. Make me say that I'm choosing to spend time clicking through tumblr instead of building my dreams.

I don't care if I don't get the credit for this or whatever, I just hope this idea is useful to somebody. Cheers and love. It's back to work for me.

EDIT: Hello, HN! Several people have been asking me if I'm serious about the $100! Wasn't expecting this to catch on, but here's what I'm going to do- I'm going to try out every solution that people send or suggest, and I'll document it in my blog, and I'll paypal the $100 to whomever's solution works best for me. :-)

Here's a followup non-directed rambly blogpost

"I designed the book to raise the energy level of the reader without the reader knowing that’s the plan. If I succeeded, which is an admittedly rare situation, readers will simply feel good while reading it. And that energy can be useful for whatever you hope to achieve in life.”" - Scott Adams, describing something I'd call firelighting. I experienced similar things from reading Carl Sagan's autobiography. I think I need to make a list.

UPDATE: 14 days later!

The good: I've had many occasions where I'm at the tipping point of doing or not doing something and thinking about getting that green square for the day has nudged me to do the right thing. Which I figure means it's worth it.

Since buying the app, I've lost a few kilos, been to the gym twice as often, reduced my computer games usage, almost stopped biting my nails, and cut out 90% of the fizzy drinks in my diet. Stopping eating chocolate seems to be a persistent problem though...
2) 1x Day to Day diary if you travel, or a piece of A3 Card if you work in one location.

3) Golden or silver star stickers (yes folks we are going back to school).

Premise:

1)Pick a task to complete (if its a big task, break it down into workable small chunks).

2)Set the Loud egg timer to fifteen minutes.

3)Go. You have 15 minutes to accomplish this task.

4) When the timer goes off. Stop. Have you accomplished the task? If yes, put a star sticker in your diary or on the piece of card but keep this out of eye sight. Write down the task you accomplished. If you didn't complete the task, no sticker but doesn't matter. Keep going.

5)Start a new task with a completely different subject matter. Set the timer for another 15 minutes and go.

6)Once you have completed this cycle four times. Stop. Set the timer for 15 minutes. You are free to surf any social sites, check your phone, email etc but when the timer goes off. Get back to it.

7) On the Sunday of every week, publish how many stars you got on your blog, in a public post. No need to detail the exact tasks but a summary of what you accomplished, would be good.

8) At the end of the month, write a summary on your blog. Repeat for every quarter. Then at the end of year, write an end of year review. Publish it on your blog.

Goal: To fill the page of your diary or the A3 Card with stars so that at the end of the day. You can see what you have accomplished. However the main thing is, its not the stars you've stuck on (which is just a simple gamification), its keeping your mind occupied.

The publishing your achievements on your blog is for a public record.

Notes: Don't use your phone, computer or digital timer. You'll just block it out. An mechanical timer is best because its loud and in your face.

If you are really serious about the money, donate it to a worthy cause.

In addition to this we should be able to save the files associated with tasks or buckets, in order to have all the information in one place.

I've been testing this desktop application ataskbucket.com for 2 weeks and at least has a lot of the above even has support for full-text search which allows me to search for any text in all my notes. It also has a RSS reader, but only displays post titles but I think that is enough to keep informed
So yes, have strong motives for what you want to achieve.

Some people say that you can't schedule inspiration. Yup you can't, but you can schedule these collisions- which may or may not take off. What I do know is that I rarely, if ever, get these collisions while surfing the internet. Yesterday's collision was partially inspired by thinking about dating sites, but the second half came entirely from coffee and a few sentences of Founders At Work. I don't even think those sentences mattered- I can't remember whether they were- something about workong in weird conditions. It got me to decide to immediately ship what was frothing about in my mind. Done. Ran upstairs to my office and hammered out the entire post on one sitting, without pausing to worry about formatting or even spelling.

I suspect this word vomit format is what triggered many of the ADHD diagnoses I got on Hacker News. This is something I've been deliberately practicing- raw volume at the expense of almost all else. The idea is this- you can't write a million words and not be somehow changed by the process. So I'm doing 1000 word vomits of 1000 words each. It's something I can get behind and be excited by even when it seems a little daunting. There is no doubt in my mind that writing is going to be a big part of my life until the day I die. The doubt lies in what to write about. Writing as a tool of exploration (both Paul Graham and Venkatesh Rao have described this, and you can consider this a +1) works for me. It helps me think. But it also led me full circle into questioning its own limitations. How much can you write about if you're stuck in some sort of rut? Eventually you have to get out of it and do or see interesting things so you have interesting things to write about.

Anyway. I've been down this path before. Just because you get significant public attention doesn't mean anything at all. In fact, as Nassim Taleb warned (I got to meet him when he came to Singapore recently!), it can distract from the work that needs to be done. And I do have work that needs to be done. At many scales. I started out writing about the local music scene in Singapore. I got tired of that. Then I started writing about local politics. Got tired of that. It's a losing game. You get drawn into petty, personal arguments instead of getting anything meaningful done. So now we come to procrastination, which I think is one of my deepest problems- something I've spent years thinking about, and something I think few people have really spoken or written about in a way that is compelling.

I'm beating around the bush. Let me be clearer. I want to be a procrastination success story, like one of those before/after fitness people. No, I don't want to be a person who makes money as a life coach/strategist type person. I want to be a person who clawed out of the pits of procrastination and help others like me to do the work they want to do, sans cheese.

The main thing going in my life right now ia my job- I have the honour and privilege of working in a great environment with people far more talented, disciplined and intelligent than myself and I want to help them be successful. I want to make them proud and earn their respect and admiration. Sounds cheesy but it's true. I've cut myself off from my old social circles, which was somewhat traumatic (but also cathartic).

I have a lot of work to do, a lot of writing and thinking... mostly writing.

I'm trying to talk about two different things here- the work I need to do, and how blessed I feel at getting responses from people. Let's focus on the latter. I promised $100 to the best solution to my problem and I plan to make good on that promise. I have some attention here spilled over from the HN hits. I'm going to seriously try and review as many solutions as I can.

It's possible that the best thing I got out of all this is actual people online throwing their weight behind me, telling me that they're in similar situations, that they feel like they've got the same problems. That might be all the motivation I needed. I wrote that I needed help no human could provide, but it seems quite likely that I undetestimated humans. I've only interacted with less than 0.5% of humans, after all? How could I possibly claim that there's nobody out the who can help me?

Yes, I know, nobody can help you if you don't help yourself- they can lead you to the water but they can't make you drink. Anybody who's said that has never picked up smoking. Peer pressure is a very powerful thing when it comes to getting stuff done. I have a bunch of people who're keeping an eye on me now. Me and my wife like to joke that one of the main reason our relationship works so well is that we're doing it to prove that it can be done- almost more for others than for ourselves. Deep down I think there's a part of me that doesn't care very much about anything at all. I don't need to prove anything to myself, because myself doesn't care.

My self-worth is a strange thing. Even when I'm confessing to my failures and weaknesses, deep down I think very, very highly of myself. Is this good, bad, right, wrong, stupid, arrogant, uninformed? I think it's possible to make a compelling case for any of thode claims. I believe that I can survive any personal failure because there's a detached part of me that doesn't really care what happens to me as long as I'm alive and things aren't too chronically painful. (I think chronic pain is the key- I tolerated some toxic relationships for a long time but eventually they started to be just... in the way of me living my life.)

So maybe I'm writing this to reconcile my supposedly limitless self-worth and the chronic annoyance of being limited by my own procrastination.

For the longest time I was bumming around and I was convinced that bumming was good, bumming was fun. I romanticized Diogenes- that guy who lived in a barrel, wanked in the marketplace and told Alexander the Great to gtfo. I could do that, I thought. Spout witticisms, get all the upvotes, renounce the trappings of power. Mock them from a distsnce. Live a simple life of coffee and cigarettes, beer, books, philosophical arguments.

But what happened is- I got tired of bumming, and thought hey, let's see what it's like to get up and work hard at something. Let's build something cool, like when we (the many facets of me) were a kid. Lets go for a run and feel the sun on our face, feel our lungs heave, break a sweat. Let's travel and see the world beyond our borders. Let's go talk to people and make a difference of some kind. Let's do something interesting.

The bum says no. The bum says we've been chilling here for so long, surely this is our natural state! Surely we're happy the way we are. Doesn't it feel good to just sit back and relax? No bum, I'm actually quite sore, and hungry. I think I want to do some other things. NO, says the bum. There's nothing out there! It's all a sham. It's all illusion. The world outside the cave is ugly, fake. Here it is cool and dark and comfortable. If the bum had some drugs, he'd take them out now. C'mon, what are you so cranky about? Smoke a cigarette. Chill. How long do you think it'll be before humanity gets past Nation-States?

Those are parlor game questions, bum. They used to be fun to contemplate but now... now I think I'd rather do things then talk about them. We've been talking philosophy and theory for so long. Don't you want to test these ideas outside?

THERE IS NO OUTSIDE! yells the bum. You will die out there. This is all you've ever known. This is the life we were born to live. This is our home. We are brothers, you and I. Nobody out there cares about you the way I do. Nobody else will be there for you the way I am.

I need to go, bum. You have to let me go.

You will NEVER succeed! You need me, bitch. I am the blood in your veins. I am the language of your lips. I have held you in my embrace in your darkest fucking days. You owe me. You owe me more than you can ever repay. And you love me. You love me, as I love you, you know it. Why are you making this so difficult? Nobody else will ever know you like I do- as deeply, as intimately. Nobody else has seen you broken the way I have. Who will hold you? Who will save you? You will be empty without me. Your victories hollow, your life bleak. You will be stuck on a hedonistic treadmill, always trying to keep up. You seek the life you mocked before? I was with you then! It was your idea! I supported you then, how can you leave me now? You're a selfish little cunt.

I'm sorry, bum. I'm very, very sorry. I have nothing but love in my heart for all that we shared together. But I have to go. You have to let me go.

I don't know if I'm just tired, but I just erased the past two starts I made at doing this vomit. This is of course counter to the very spirit of the vomits- I'm supposed to just blurt out whatever is on my mind, and leave it at that. I find myself struggling to let go of the idea that there's going to be an audience reading this, now that the last post got so much attention. I find myself trying to sound clever, as I used to do on Facebook and still sometimes do on Quora. I think the solution to this is to address myself. So I'll do that.

Visa, listen to me. You've spent a lot of time stuck in this rut. You've actually been in this rut your whole life, as far as you can remember. It's already starting to get a little boring. You can't still be writing about this 100 vomits from now. Seriously, 100,000 words of apology can't be very interesting. So let's run through your thoughts.

Okay. I think I was reasonably productive at work today. I wasn't overly distracted by anything. But I wasn't super productive either. Most of the blogpost draft that I did at work was written as a word vomit on the way home from work yesterday. Well, whatever works. Seriously, whatever works. Just write and get it out. I should use the computer without any internet access, and block periods of time out.

I'm experimenting with beeminder. Turns out I actually started an account back when I wanted to track my studying for my A levels, but I have up because it seemed a little too complicated for my liking. Or maybe I simply wasn't ready then. I wrote a vomit this morning, so that's one data point for Write. I'm writing this one now, so that's another data point for when I get home. I'm feeling better from the flu I had,  so I'm going to exercise when I get home. That's a data point for exercise. I used to sort of use a sort of similar system with pen and paper when I was doing my military service,  but it all fell apart when I lost my notebook.

I have many, many more pieces of writing to do. Should I do sub-points for completing drafts or outlines of things that I intend to write? I have a piece for Poached due, and one for a friend's magazine, and a neverending strean of work for... work. These vomits are personal, for my own pleasure and personal improvement. If nothing else, my vomits during my morning commutes are things that I'm going to stick to.

I've gotten a bunch of responses and emails from people who are in similar positions as I am, or are interested in the possible solution to the problem I've described. I think this makes it exciting. It's like getting an A2A on Quora- I feel obliged to make progress now, at least for others. If I can help others get through their problems by solving my own, I think I should. I think that's great motivation. I think we're a big family around the world who understand each other more than our own friends and family do, and I think we should support and look out for each other. And the way this works is, of course, as it does with oxygen masks on planes- we have to put our own on before we can help others.

So that's the plan, then. I have to put my mask on so I can help others. I might be stricken with existential woe, but it doesn't matter- I need to get my mask on so I can help others. There are people out there who will benefit from my help if I develop myself into the individual who is capable of helping them. It might be more technically accurate to say that we can't help others, we merely inspire them to help themselves... through our example. One person's greatness inspires another to give herself permission to do the same.

The problem is that the status quo seems so... tolerable. The enemy of the great is not the bad, but the good enough.

Why am I reciting all this nonsense? Everybody has heard it all before.

Anyway, yeah, I've started using Beeminder.i sort of had something similar going with HabitRPG, but the constant bugs were problematic for me. Also the bars weren't quite right. I can't explain it. I'm really tired. Blood sugar level low. I should never go more than 4 or 5 hours without eating.

This is what you call a really, really weak word vomit. I ended at 768 words when I got home (Though I probably deleted about 300). Realistically I could stop here and rest assured that the times I went way, way over 1,000 would cover for me, but I don't like the idea of not meeting 1,000 on any of my vomits, so I'm going to take this one stream of consciousness and carry it all the way into the net.

So- I've started up beeminder, and the goals i'm tracking are- exercise (sets of pushups and squats, simple enough), writing (word vomits count as one, work posts i think count as 1.5 or 2- this is my second vomit of the day), i'm also going to track meditation (5 minutes a day, min 3x a week) and reading (any book, 3x a week). That might be a bit too much. I don't know. My brain is overly empty. It's 11:55pm. I'm going to go to bed. Tomorrow will be better.

Ermmm I guess I could talk about how I logged into Facebook and saw a discussion going on about education and the cure to cancer. I deliberated responding to it- I wrote a response out, edited it a couple of times, but ultimately decided against it. I don't want to publish anything publicly on Facebook in terms of statuses, yadda yadda. If I have something I want to say to someone on Facebook, I'm going to do it via private message. That's just how I'm going to roll, and it has to do with my "path of least resistance" idea. I shouldn't be spending time on that, anyway. I think I'm going to deactivate my fb account again. Once you've been away from it for a while, everything looks utterly vacuous.

but you could say that for a lot of things. anyway, i just had to coast this one through. pretty sad that such a nice number got such a shitty vomit, but such is life. no regrets. done is better than perfect. see ya.
The problem is- just because an aphorism is valid doesn't mean it's useful to someone who doesn't see for themselves why it's valid. Once you see something as valid, the aphorism helps a compressed reminder. The aphorism brings up experiences and memories that help in making sense of a situation and deciding what to do. Unfortunately, aphorisms are useless for anybody with no experience. This is a systematic problem for parents and teachers, who naturally think and talk in aphorisms.

The moral of the story cannot replace the story. There's little point in memorizing a formula if you don't understand, viscerally, why it works and how to prove it across multiple different spaces.

This is why reflection is such a powerful tool. It's when you look back at your experiences and construct your own aphorisms and heuristics that work for you. Unfortunately, a lot of people, myself included, are unable to look at their memories and experiences in an objective way. Rather, it's effectively impossible to be unbiased. We end up with inaccurate pictures of reality, and we takeaway the wrong "lessons". I don't mean wrong in a moral right or wrong sense- I mean wrong in the sense that we mis-assess a situation and misdiagnose.

Erm... The point of that is. I naturally find myself wanting to dismiss the "simple actionable steps" idea because I've heard it so many times yet I haven't really, properly assimilated it into my behaviour or decision making. So when I focus on something like "light fires, don't fill buckets", even if it's valid, I gloss over the value of tactics and analysis. Before we get into tactics we need to have a sense of mission and purpose, yes. I like to think that I have those to a reasonable degree. (Hindsight will definitely tell me that I'm wrong, that I can and should be more precise in my goals. I've found myself shifting from a personal-glory narrative to a save-the-world narrative to a help-the-few-people-that-matter one. But this is topic for another discussion.)

But I'm sure that firelighting cannot be a full and complete standalone strategy for living a full life. It's necessary but not sufficient. At some point, the inspired shipyard workers longing for the sea will have to get to work, and know what to do, and how to do it. We have to answer the why question, yes, but the what and how are also important. And I'm not too good at the what and how. I typically just bash my way through whatever's in front of me. This works great if I've identified something that desperately needs to be done- and the scale of this is pretty limited to a couple of hours work (a single run, a single vomit or blogpost, a single bout of cleaning the house, of throwing stuff out, of decluttering, etc.) While this can be amazing and leave a great afterglow- I'm writing this on the afterglow of 0086- it's not enough.

I'm repeating myself. I've started up beeminder so I've got a progression/growth going on for me to observe and get excited about. That's the version of don't break the chain that works for me.

But what next? I still have this huge log of work I need to get done, and the reason it's not getting done is because I haven't laid it out in a way that I can take bites out of them.

After you defeat this new class of enemy for the first time, from then on you know how much health they have. Pretty nifty.

Video game analogy... it's like encountering new mobs with unknown health. This was a thing in breath of fire. Sometimes you'd face an enemy you never faced before. You don't know what it's weak to, you don't know what it's resistant to. You don't know what you should be equipped with, you don't know how long the battle's going to take, you don't even know if you're going to survive it.

When a fire has been lit- games do this with story, you need to fight the boss to further the story (Final Fantasy 7 comes to mind, the fights with the various bosses in Shin-Ra HQ when you're saving Aeris. There's epic music. You're angry with the enemy.). Under such pressures, you lose yourself in flow. You don't need to care about the enemy's health- you just need to keep doing damage while staying alive.

This was a lot of fun.

Real life doesn't have such a nice environment to teach you that. There's no real story or stakes apart from what you make up for yourself. You can just avoid the enemies with unknown health. You can just sort of... roam around. This is what Venkat wrote about in Ribbonfarm. Being an economic Loser (not a social loser... you'll have to read the Gervais principle to get this one and I'm not about to explain it while I'm on the train to work.) You avoid fighting the bosses and furthering the story in real life. You just sort of linger around. Somebody emailed me a lovely, heartfelt piece about how he spends his time playinf League of Legends instead of doing work. I'm glad that I've managed to quit video games, but it's nothing to be snobbish about. I got lucky. I had the right circumstances that gave me the right insights. Games reward you in a way that real life won't. It's familiar, reliable, predictable, fair, and more exciting.

We play games and procrastinate for the same reasons we take drugs- because life is absurd and it's all chemicals in your head, ultimately. The only way to break out of it is to couple your inner world with the outer world. I got lucky again- I have awesome colleagues and now I've got this group of HN people supporting me. So I have to do it for me for them. Or something like that. This seemd to border slightly on dependent, but aren't we all interdependent in this world? Don't we all want to be loved and appreciated for making a meaningful difference?

Also, free roaming by itself gets really boring after a while. If nothing else, we have to get this shit together so we can progress to the next stage, because we've seen pretty much everything there is to see here. When I was a kid and I first discovered GTA2- and the same applies for Simcity, and racing games and any game, really- I didn't play to win. I played for the lulz.

I've observed this in young children, too. When my nephew plays temple run, he gets great pleasure out of watching the guy die. I relate to this. I used to open up cities and raze them to the ground. I used to drive in reverse just to see what would happen. I didn't even know GTA had missions. It was fun just to be able to control a character and make him do stuff. Punch strangers. Drive a car into the lake (and die). Only when I grew older did I start to care about playing the actual missions. About building an actual city, even if it was less elegant and perfect than strange rigid things I'd build. I wanted control before I wanted challenge.

When yoy first start smoking cigarettes, you're in control. You're self-medicating. Cigarettes are psychoactive- they modify your mental state. If you puff quick and hard, you get a stimulus kick- something like coffee. If you take long, slow drags, you get a relaxing buzz- something like alcohol. The ability to do this at 17 felt powerful. I used to sneak off between classes to smoke. It felt naughty. I was breaking from the programming that was scheduled for me. When I smoked with others, I met other hackers who didn't give a shit about the scheduled programming either. We all knew we were killing ourselves. We just wanted to do it on our terms, rather then according to the dictates of the system.

But what I learnt years later is that the cigarettes are abusive partners. They're like the bad boys in the leather jackets and motorcycles who make you feel special but then treat you like shit. (And you still feel kinda special while being treated like shit, because he chose you.) Cigarettes don't let you walk away. The day comes when you catch yourself doing something ridiculous for a cigarette- begging a stranger, driving out in the middle of the night, etc... and you realize that it's serious. You're a smoker now. You're the tobacco companies' bitch. You're no longer your own person.

It's the same thing with procrastination. The worst part is that you think it's your own idea, that your procrastination, like cigarettes, is your hedge against "the system". You're still a slave. With no shackles on. You're just still there.

A large amount of my life's struggle seems to be about detaching myself from outcomes and focusing on getting stuff done, even if the quality does not meet my standards. Do this often enough and regularly enough and you will surpass your own standards.

Lets take my own word vomits for example. This is post 90. Each post has a minimum of 1000 words, so we're at least at 90,000 words. It's probably closer to about 96,000 words. My goal is to reach 1,000 vomits, or 1,000,000 words. Why? I just feel like it. I want to see who I am at the end of it. I already know that I am capable of it. I'm a verbal firehose.

At what point do I expect any of it to be useful to people? I think I've had two good posts so far that stick in my mind- "I didn't do well because I didn't study", and "productivity should be about lighting fires". The previous post probably has a thousand or two thousand hits. The latter has almost twenty thousand hits. Okay, I posted it to HN, and I expected some response, but I wasn't expecting front page. The whole thing was written in a matter of minutes (though you could say that I've spent years preparing, inside my head, over conversations with friends, etc. Preparation meets inspiration and momentarily overcomes self doubt. User then posts it onto a platform of opportunity. Boom, 20k hits. I didn't think any of my vomits would get this much attention until I'm at least halfway through. Who knows what I'm going to dig up next? It gets exciting.

How to get 20k hits from hacker news: write a thousand words everyday and whatever greatly troubles you. When you feel like you're on to something, share it. This may take about 90,000 words. And hundreds of thousands of non-directed writing before that.

I'm tempted to explore the idea of the bum in a short story or maybe comic. But that's something I'll do for pleasure. Maybe. I don't want to overthink this, I just want to do whetever comes naturally. I'm very excited about the work I'm about to put out.

What am I going to do about the whole productivity thing? In a parallel universe I'd drop everything and start working on that app with the people who've kindly emailed me. But I don't want to do that. My role in that moment was to put out that little nugget of insight that I was so blessed to receive. I have to keep doing that. I may or may not get into it. I don't want to make any big promises. I'll just take each moment as it comes.

I was off my phone for a couple of minutes while I was changing trains. I started thinking about what this blog should be. I always really liked the idea of scaffolding being visible- you can see how something came to be. You can see the ascent, rather than fall into the trap of thinking that it was wild luck.

The first thing I had was a website. I made it out of html when I was 9 or 10. It had an intro page with an animated gif and a hit counter. Click on the gif and you land on a page with two frames. The frame on the left functioned as the sidebar. I used a javascript embed to make it snow. The pages had jokes, links to game sites, animated gifs and a guestbook. I can't remember what else was there but I took great pride in making it classy, stylish, elegant. I should search for it on those web archive sites. Wow, I found stuff. Let's talk about that later

So it started as a site with my writing (bad fiction and poetry, I believe.) Then I started a blog on diary-x. A lot of my peers were blogging too at the time- it was a way of keeping in touch with your friends and publishing/presenting a self. During this time I think I mostly wrote about my day-to-day life. Sadly, years of my diary-x blog got wiped out, so I can't read what I had written then. Then I started a livejournal and a wordpress simultaneously. Around this time I started getting interested in playing music, so several of my early wordpress blogs were about the local music scene- gig reviews and stuff like that. I'm not sure what the mechanisms were for sharing things like that back then. I think people posted the links on forums. This was somewhat moderately successful, but it was never really going to go anywhere. I wrote for Power of Pop for a while during that time. I'd also post heavily on soft.com.sg, where I'd also get into arguments about random topics that interested me. I learnt quite a bit about argument from the martial arts and video game forums on GameFAQs (I also wrote a couple of FAQs, lol).

At some point I started blogging about local political issues- stuff that bothered me in the news. I remember writing about some statistics in the newspapers and how they were presented in a way that was slanted (not outright misleading, but a little sorta misleading). I presented my commentary to the papers in a way that revealed that they might have an agenda, and editors edited it so that it lost its effect- it became something of a technical criticism with no particular meaning. I was bothered by this so I wrote about it online. I got quite a bit of attention for it. I'd keep writing about local politics and media. All of my blog's top hitcounts come from breaking local political news. I got invited to meet the Prime Minister. I eventually got rather sick of local politics, though. It was part of why I left Facebook for a while. Too much venom, too much fighting for the sake of fighting, too many personal attacks, everything was getting really ugly. People do whatever makes them feel good. It's all showboating.

During my National Service, I decided to try and make the most of my time. I started what I called The 90 Week Project- I was going to keep track of how I spent every week. I did this pretty well for about 35-40 weeks, but then I lost the notebook I was writing in. I was heartbroken. It felt like I had literally lost a part of my mind. And I couldn't quite recover. I did blog a lot during that time, which helped me develop my voice. I also started a Facebook group which would go on to be quite something (in my opinion). But the 90 week project itself was ultimately a failure.

I tried retaking my A levels after I was done with my NS. I got distracted halfway through, and was never fully into it anyway, and I got mediocre results that pretty much mirrored my previous results. I learnt a few things about myself, but that overall project was a failure, too. I burnt several hundreds of dollars to pay for the exam fees, and it was time that I could've spent reading and writing instead. (It did give me an excuse to pretend like I was doing something, which kept my parents off my back.)

I ultimately got hired because of my blog. I don't even have a resume, to this day. This blog is one of the best things in my life. I think I'm going to naturally segue this into becoming a procrastination/productivity type blog. Or maybe it'll be a writing type blog. I have no idea. It's gongi to be about whatever's on my mind at the moment. I might start writing about tech. I might write about global politics. I don't know. Whatever I think needs to be written.

I've been taking really long to get to this point- my life is really just a series of failures. Me being incompetent. But somehow I'm doing okay. Erm, I'll end here. I wanted to make some sort of big point about how you can't really predict what's going to work, and you're better off just exploring your curiosity, your compulsion, whatever drives you nuts, really dig into that. Dig into that.
I played orteil's cookie clicker for a few days. I kept a tab open and pinned, and I'd get to it between tasks. I got antimatter condensers and antigrandmas and stuff, and I stopped there. I had probably sunk a couple of hours into it overall, spread out over longer periods of time.

It's an interesting phenomenon to study. Why do it? Why bother? There's something very compelling about it. I suppose the buzzword for this is gamification. I prefer to skip the buzzword and think about progression, growth. The cookie clicker game clearly shows you what you can eventually build when you get good enough. This is the main thing that's missing from real life, which forces you to read, listen to stories of others, observe, study, internalize.  It's easier to work towards something when you have a very clear idea of what the end result looks like, and how simple and "linear" the progression towards that is. Really, everything just needs to learn more from games. Why is pacman so addictive?  Megaman X, which teaches you to play as you play- there's a beautiful video on youtube about this, and that video itself is a lesson on how to hold people's attention.

Why aren't I applying these lessons? I'm writing to dig and learn for myself before I present a coherent front to the public. I'm getting my audience to self-select itself. If you want simple reads with headers and bullet points, go away. I fully acknowledge the value of those things- I use them for work- but I'm not going to use them for me unless I feel it's really necessary for some reason. That's just how it is. I don't want to waste time tidying up the messy chaotic complexity of exploration. If this means I have no readers left, so be it. I started out writing for myself, and I'm comfortable returning to that.

Anyway- so games are addictive and effective ay manipulating behaviour, so obviously we should use games to keep ourselves on track on the goals that we intellectually want to achieve. I want to read more. Let's make it a game. Hit that target in this much time. Make it small, make it simple, make it temporary, get it over and done with, then do it again.

Can't get too excited. Failed many times before. But can't give up either. I dreamt that I got some numbers wrong. Since I was a child I had dreams that involved me getting into trouble, often for really stupid things. Guilt was the predominant emotion. I'm often guilty,  and almost always guilty in my dreams. I don't believe in mystical dream interpretation stuff, but I do believe my subconscious mind is trying to tell me something about how I do things.

Erm, I'm running out of things to say. Shall we hop back on pacman? Sure. The moment the game starts, your character starts eating pucks. There's a limited number of pucks on the screen, so clearly you're supposed to eat them all. There are monsters following you around,  so you're supposed to avoid them. When you eat a big puck, the monsters turn blue and start running away from you... during which time you can eat them for extra points! Occasionally a fruit appears and you can eat that for points.

Each new thing adds a new level of complexity to the game and makes it thst much more interesting. As I said in the previous post, a child will be happy simply to have control over the player character. Kids will gleefully lead pacman to his death,  and then laugh or scream in amusement. They did a thing, they made something happen. The next level of difficulty is staying alive. Survival dynamic. How long can you stay alive before you die? This can be a edge of seat phenomenon. I'm reminded of the crazy guy playing left 4 dead on youtube,  screaming into vent and shooting all his teammates. (Well technically he was trolling and that's another approach to gameplay altogether. But it's also possible... The cliche example is when a gamer brings his or her non-gamer partner to try it out for the first time. They get past the child level of controlling the character pretty quickly, but then they start screaming and dying, falling off ledges, etc.)

Once you get some degree of basic competence- and this progression isn't linear, you can jump to the next stage halfway- you start trying to kill baddies. You stop being a feeder and be a useful addition to your team. You heal and support when you're asked to. In pacman, you start eating the occasional ghost. Feels good brah. Once you do that reasonably well, you get most of the satisfaction the game has to offer. Sometimes you eat the fruit. To get more out of it you need to dig deep and strategizing. You need to start studying the game at a deeper level and learn its language. The holy grail for pacman is to get the perfect score, which has been done before and probably has been achieved a few times. But that's a level of perfection that requires a ridiculous amount of relentless effort... something I don't think I've ever dedicated myself to, because I can't really think of anything that deserves that degree of effort... BULLSHIT rationalization, I've just never pushed myself that hard in anything because I'm afraid of failure, maybe. I don't know what the because is. We'll figure it out as we go.

and I just reached work so I gotta stop here.

Wasn't actually planning to do a word vomit this morning- I was doing some reading (blog.asmartbear.com today) But then a swarm of schoolkids boarded the train. I can't actually tell if they're primary school kids or secondary school kids. Probably lower sec.

They came in as a tsunami of noise, crashing through the train of quiet, weary adults. It's 11:42 in the morning. They're laughing, screaming, joking. The contrast between them and the adults is staggering. The kids are full of life and energy. They alight at Bishan- I'm switching trains. Several boys race each other up the stairs.

I've been meaning to write something about my transition from school to NS to work, but I'm not sure if I've actually published anything. I wonder if there's a gap of knowledge there, because nothing really prepared me for this. What is "this"? Whatever it is that distinguishes me from the kids. Because I was one of them. I was a noisy rambunctious kid. I still am sometimes, in some contexts, but something must have changed for me to now look at them with a tinge of annoyance. They're like a different species. When did I transition?

Now I'm on the circle line and there's an entire row of old chinese ladies on the seats. I don't understand their conversations, but if you have a cliche mental image of old chinese ladies talking, this probably fits that.

I pause to ponder. Who am I? Who was I? What will I be? I'm the youngest full-time employee at work, and the only person who is married and paying a mortgage. That changes you very profoundly, I think. Nothing in the first 22 years of my life really prepared me for what a mortgage feels like over your head. That's over 100 months of work. About 10 years of non-stop work with no money for food, living, etc. The loan is technically 30 years. I'm almost done with the first. 29 years more to go.

If you're not working towards financial independence you're working into a sort of ruin. And you see that on the faces of everybody on the train at rush hour. Nobody wants to be there.

Nobody tells you this. They might tell you about scholarships and changing the world but they don't tell you about how you really, really, really ought to save your money. Not in a compelling way, at least. Or maybe it's impossible to be compelling to a kid at that age but I don't buy that. I'm sure we can design games and tell stories that make them feel it. First we ought to solve that problem for ourselves. There is no dignity or pleasure in a run-out-the-clock solution. In this regard, being undisciplined with your finances is worse than smoking or some other sort of addiction (and they usually go hand in hand).

There is no grand insight to be gotten from this post. This is all exploration. This is one of the 90 or so posts I have to write before it all coalesces and comes together- something about financial/emotional management. I'm just identifying and collecting the dots at this point. The connections come later, if they come at all.

Somebody told me once that all greatest things built or created were the work of maladjusted people. I've always felt like I was destined for great things, or like I'm meant to do something significant. But clearly, this is just a coping mechanism. It's psychological shorthand for the truth, which is... That I am a maladjusted person. It suffers from the same logical fallacy implication as "I didn't do well because I didn't study"- just because progress is dependent on the maladjusted doesn't mean that the maladjusted will necessarily contribute to progress.

I don't mean to say that as anything more than a statement of fact. I do not wish for the universe to sympathize and coddle me and my poor maladjusted self. I know that everything done is an act of performance, so yes I am performing right now too, but this time for a self-selecting audience. I will not be sharing or publicizing this. I am writing primarily for me and for anybody else who might get any sort of utility from this.

I know more clearly now than before that me being maladjusted isn't anything to brag or boast about, and seeking sympathy for it is hollow... okay I'm at work, I will end this here and continue separately.

Here's the context of the quote of a quote (Vinod Khosla quoting Martin Luther King Jr:)

A Tweet I saw recently showcases the mindset of the innovators that will lead this charge for change: "Cynics never do the impossible, achieve the improbable, take on the inadvisable. Hope is only path to extraordinary success." Tweeting is an innovation few could have seen or defined: who would have thought a few years ago that millions of people would follow messages in 140 characters? And who would have thought that they could tell the mood of the nation? Or reveal the culture of a city, avoid traffic, sense the stirrings of a revolution, predict the financial markets, detect and map natural
disasters, predict the popularity of people, technologies and goods….I could go on forever! For the longest time, I have thought of innovation and its partner, entrepreneurship, as about “those who dare to dream the dreams and are foolish enough to try and make these dreams come true.” And foolishness is a key ingredient of both innovation and entrepreneurship. Martin Luther King said “human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted” and George Bernard Shaw echoed “all progress depends upon the unreasonable man.” It is this kind of creativity, innovation, and risk-taking that represents the fundamental driver behind economic, cultural, and social progress.

There are certain technical words in the vocabulary of every academic discipline which tend to become stereotypes and cliches. Psychologists have a word which is probably used more frequently than any other word in modern psychology. It is the word “maladjusted.” This word is the ringing cry of the new child psychology.

Now in a sense all of us must live the well adjusted life in order to avoid neurotic and schizophemic personalities. But there are some things in our social system to which I am proud to be maladjusted and to which I suggest that you too ought to be maladjusted.

I never intend to adjust myself to the viciousness of mob-rule. I never intend to adjust myself to the evils of segregation and the crippling effects of discrimination. I never intend to adjust myself to the tragic inequalities of an economic system which take necessities from the many to give luxuries to the few. I never intend to become adjusted to the madness of militarism and the self-defeating method of physical violence.

I call upon you to be maladjusted. The challenge to you is to be maladjusted—as maladjusted as the prophet Amos, who in the midst of the injustices of his day, could cry out in words that echo across the centuries, “Let judgment run down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream;” as maladjusted as Lincoln, who had the vision to see that this nation could not survive half slave and half free; as maladjusted as Jefferson, who in the midst of an age amazingly adjusted to slavery could cry out, in words lifted to cosmic proportions, “All men are created equal, and are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the persuit of Happiness.” As maladjusted as Jesus who dared to dream a dream of the Fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of men. The world is in desperate need of such maladjustment.
(Martin Luther King, April 25, 1957)

If I could turn back time I'd have invested more points in "draw". There's also "code" though. And maybe "dance" and "work out". Anything would've been better than "laze around listlessly". That's something I sorta like about Beeminder- there's a sense of collecting data points. I know that we shouldn't be attached to points and meters, but they work for me- I played cookie clicker- so i'm going to collect data points. I'm incorporating a game element into it. This doesn't mean I think it's "just a game", it means that I think it's important enough that I want to modify my own behaviour. It's very tragic that games are associated with an idea of dismissiveness. It's "just a toy". Toys are about play! Toys are tools for the imagination. Toys are about wonder. Play should be fun, enriching.

It's strange, isn't it? "Don't play with her heart. Don't treat him like some toy. Is this a game to you?"

All of these sentiments suggest a sense of disrespect, of triviality.

Why is it implied that a toy is something negative? Why is something "just" a toy? A toy can be something that's imbued with a lot of meaning. A toy or a game could mean more to someone than other things of supposedly more-real value. (Speaking of which, I should probably watch Toy Story. I haven't watched any of the three movies.)

I want to deconstruct this. The "is this some kind of game" question suggests that the player isn't taking it seriously, and I don't like that. I feel like we haven't figured out games properly- and even our current discourse on gamification, with the great work that Jane McGonigal is doing- and the quantified self people are doing- isn't enough. It doesn't quite get to the heart of it.

The point I want to make is... if you could make the average teenage boy treat school the way he treats dota or league of legends or wow or whatever he's playing these days,  you'd be celebrated as a hero among schools.

If games are trivial, why do kids (and adults) take them so much more seriously than work? There are two people in front of me playing games right now. Anybody who's on social media is kinda playing a game too- the game of identity construction. We take that very fucking seriously. I think there are huge tracts of opportunity here in the space between compelling games and boring work/school. If beeminder works out for me for writing and work and reading and exercise then I will implore that it be tested by parents, teachers,  students... if it works why isn't everybody using it? Let me give it some time myself.

Cigarettes are a game. When i think of identity-construction as a game (and remember a game doesn't have to be trivial- it can be powerful, compelling, consuming), I get the feeling in my stomach when I go through some sort of paradigm shift.  This hasn't happened in a while and I'm rarely writing while it's actually happening. Usually it happens in conversation with another person.

Identity construction. I constructed an identity for myself which was... slacker. I don't "do" studying, or mugging. This is how republicans are convinced that it's Obama's fault that veterans can't get to their memorial parks. Games are compelling and identity construction is perhaps the most compelling- and something that requires such a massive investment is something that's going to be hard to kill. This is why pg said to keep identities small. Identities are bitches. They initially serve to distinguish you from the blurry, indistinct masses, but subsequently pigeonhole you into a neat little spot that's designed just for you, so you can play your predetermined role in a play scripted and directed by others. Fuck. This is why I don't identify as atheist anymore. Why does it matter whether god exists or not? It doesn't. We just do it to feel better about ourselves. We're fighting for the sake of fighting. Why not pick the greatest difference you can make and throw yourself into that?  Often because it's a little too difficult, a little too costly, a little too inconvenient.

I discovered a beautiful term thanks to dreeves of Beeminder, and it's Akrasia. It's when you don't do what you want to do. I've been suffering from akrasia all my life. My boss has asked me a couple of times in our one-on-one meetings- "What happens when you miss a deadline? Don't alarm bells go off?" And strangely, for me, they don't. Not in regular day-to-day life. I've spent such a long time failing to meet deadlines that they barely register on my radar. "I love deadlines," said Douglas Adams. "I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by."

I became deadline insensitive after years of conditioning. A lifetime of conditioning, even. The one hack I can sort of think of is... games. I do fight to meet deadlines in video games. I'm habitually late for meetings and stuff, and I'm trying to fix that. I want to say I'm trying really hard, but "trying really hard" is a hard thing to objectively measure. I don't want to say that I"m trying really hard. That doesn't seem right, or fair. It would be more accurate to say that I'm not trying very hard, even though I want to. Akrasia. Why?  I think it's because I didn't know how and where to start. "Everywhere" is too intimidating. I needed the controlled setting that video games are so good at providing. That cigarettes are so good at providing. That even FACEBOOK is great at providing. And, as I'm finding, Beeminder is pretty good at it, too.

Feels good, man. I'm not going to overthink it for now, but I have a lot of chaotic thoughts bouncing around my head and I'll get to them in bits and pieces over the next 10 or so word vomits. Exciting. I feel more in control of myself already.

Anything with agents that take action could reasonably be considered to be a game. The education game. The dating game. The identity-creation game. The employment game. The parenting game.

The problem with simplistic ideas of games- and this is most clear in the horrible trainwreck which happened The Game ("Pickup Artistry") is this erronenous notion that the end-state of any game must be to score as many points as possible. A simplistic view of seduction or PUA is that it's all about having as much sex with as many women as possible, and it doesn't matter if you do it in a disrespectful way.

That's ridiculous, and an insult to all sorts of games and gamers everywhere. A game is simply the condition, the circumstance, the context. It's up to you how you want to play it, and what "good game" means to you. Some people play simply to score points, but others play because they love the game, and they want to treat it with respect. We intuitively know that sports can be about obsessive winning-at-all-cost, or it can be about "the beautiful game", sportsmanly conduct, respect, elegance, ballet. I don't see why it should be any different for seduction, or self-improvement, or anything else you want to "gamify".

Just because somebody wants to participate in "Quantified Self" doesn't mean that they want to turn into a number/point obsessed nerd at the expense of all else. These simplistic straw-man ideas are stopping us from really sinking our teeth into the real power of gamification, and maybe it's unfortunate that the language is the way it is, but I don't care- I love games and I'm going to use it.

So games are everywhere, everything is a game in the sense that people are players and they can take actions, and there are incentives and rewards. As long as you're exploring this framework with me I have to constantly remind you of things that you may need to unlearn.

Incentives and rewards don't have to be simplistic and extrinsic, like points. The idea that you have to give points and achievements to everything is a stupid, frustrating and annoying way of approaching gamification- it's really myopic and sad, it's a caricature. I'd say it's mistaking rituals for principles. Gamification is about creating compelling narratives that people can participate in. Points and trophies are like negs and peacocking- they should be serving something greater than themselves, or they look really ridiculous.

My favourite personal example of gamification in my own life are these word vomits that I'm doing- I decided that I wanted to write a lot, I wanted a significant milestone of some kind that's tough but surmountable, and so I decided on 1,000,000 words- 1,000 vomits of 1,000 words each. I don't technically have to build an app for this. Some of the people who read my "productivity app idea" or "cig bum app idea" posts got the impression that I think apps are the solution to everything. I don't really think I actually think that way. I think I just used those as scaffolding for thought. I agree completely that change comes from within, and that you should ideally be different and feel different and all that stuff... but that's very hard to do! You can't change overnight. You need some sort of path. Somebody brought up the Heath brothers and their metaphor of the elephant rider- you are the elephant rider (consciousness, agentic self), riding the elephant (subconscious/non-conscious, non-agentic self, emotions, biases, etc) down some sort of path (circumstances).

Ultimately, the grand goal is simply to write more. Daniel Reeves put it well in one of his blogposts somewhere- something about how it's a no-brainer that doing pushups are good for you, but at no particular point in time does it make sense to actually do pushups, so you're unlikely to do it unless there's something compelling you to- something that reminds you of your purpose. It's possible that you might've internalized that in some sort of internal monologue/narrative, which is great. Or maybe it's your peer group, or your station in life... but often I think it's helpful just to have something to build up and return to. I'm reminded of cookie-clicker again. We all want a sense of continuity, don't we? Even if we delete or discard whatever it is we've built- and that might be a very necessary thing for growth to happen, we have some sort of progression narrative going on in our heads. I don't know about those monks and high-level "detachment" folks, but I'm guessing even their detachment is in a way a part of their personal narrative of growth as a student, the progression from mind to no-mind. Eventually you enter a kind of symbiotic, flowing state where progression as a concept begins to cease having any meaning, but you have to get there before you can start talking about it.

I may have repeated myself here and in previous posts but that's okay. I don't expect every single post to contain some sort of original thought, but it's all part of a longer process of me figuring out what I'm getting at. I think it's pretty clear to me that I want to work somewhere in this procrastination/productivity/gamification/akrasia space. I don't like purely recursive models though, like where you become a productivity guru and your idea of work is to talk about productivity. You must have been producing something else on the side. I'd really like to write more and explore the narrative of subjectivization, of what it's like to create an identity without putting too much thought into it, and then subsequently having to do things that you might not have really wanted to do... I'm developing a sense of the world that's less rosy and fair than I previously thought.

Meandering into meaningless, mindless drivel. That's okay. I'll figure it out post by post. I'm willing to bet I'll find what I'm sort-of-looking-for by post 150.

Me and the wife were having a conversation about this. When I was 13, I wanted a girlfriend- I didn't know why in particular, I just thought it would be cool to have one, so I asked a few people, including her, and she agreed. I would then get some insight into what it's like to be in a relationship of some sort. From my perspective, kids aged 13 and 14 aren't particularly interested in meaningful shared coexistence and identity co-creation of some sort- we just want to experience puppy-love, to have some sort of companionship without really knowing why we want it. Mostly we want to play grown up, in some sense. You have sexual urges that you want to realize in some way, and you buy into this narrative of having a boyfriend or a girlfriend. The idea of dating the way people in their mid-20s date- coffee and conversation- doesn't really make very much sense yet.

I wasn't expecting my relationship to last more than a few months, maybe a year at most. But we had a good 3 year run, and I think we both learned a lot in the process. I'm a little too tired now to really dig into this, but it's consistent with something my boss likes to say- everything is vague to a degree you don't realize until you try to make it precise.

Here's the full quote:

Everything is vague to a degree you do not realize till you have tried to make it precise, and everything precise is so remote from everything that we normally think, that you cannot for a moment suppose that is what we really mean when we say what we think.
— Bertrand Russell

Applies to relationships, too. And thinking, and writing. Which is why I find it so compelling to write- it forces you to make things precise, and the process of doing so is absolutely exhilarating. More tomorrow.

I'm still circling around the ideas of gamification and identity creation. In an article about Foucault, presentation of self and social media, Tim Rayner argued very compellingly that identity-creation is the most popular game online, more so than Facebook, candy crush, etc. As a recovering social media addict, I have to agree. Before I left this morning I spent a good ten to fifteen minutes on Tumblr looking at pretty pictures and reblogging the ones that I liked the most. Why?  Identity creation (and/or curation). A platform like Tumblr makes it staggeringly easy for a person to build their identity.

This actually doesn't require a particularly social element- though that definitely accelerates things. It ups the stakes- the risks and returns- of Profile creation. (I use the term Profile in the Nathan Jurgenson sense- something that we create and put together to represent ourselves, which subsequently comes to influence the way we see and navigate Meatspace.)

I believe that Facebook was originally Facemash- a kind of "hot or not" game, where you pick "who's hotter". Here's a simple, falsifiable hypothesis- given the chance of playing such a game, without any specific instructions about why they're playing or how long they should play (suppose it can go on forever), most people will happily play this game for a remarkably long period of time- I'd say ten minutes, maybe up to 30. If they're on a train ride or something it could potentially keep them occupied the whole way unless they get interrupted by an IM or something.

Why? Such games give us a chance to express ourselves, to express our preferences, to exercise choice. We feel powerful within this limited space and we enjoy exercising that power. This is why people discuss celebrities, sports. Pick a team, have an opinion, share it with others, co-create your identities.

I went to a friend's Church wedding once and I got a better sense of how and why the practice of Christianity is so addictive. They've really figured it all out. The whole family and community is involved. There are all these symbols of meaning and comfort. It's really quite beautiful participatory storytelling. The church made one of the most compelling games of all. They have highly involved rituals for birth, marriage, death.  You play, you get good, you get a sense of flow and pleasure.

Modern consumer culture might've been the game that followed- people were getting bored of the stock narrative and wanted to feel special, explore alternatives. Now you worship at the church called the Mall. The book Age of Absurdity explored this very beautifully. A few years ago I think I might've just mocked all of this with some sort of holier-than-thou attitude but I'm not so sure anymore. In the absence of good routines (by our own measure) we fall into bad ones. Without good stories...

So I think what I'm getting at is that it's inescapable. Meditation and reflection and contemplation help to remind us that the self is an illusion, that stories are Illusions (wow I just felt a really strong pang of deja vu somehow). The question is- should we still choose our Illusions wisely? Is it entirely a waste of time? We're subconsciously crafting narratives all the time. Rejecting narratives is itself a narrative, albeit a rather unique case.

What would my life look like if I attempted to focus on dispelling personal narratives rather than crafting better ones? I have no idea. Maybe I should give it a shot. I think for now I can strike a best-of-both-worlds balance by scheduling meditation at regular intervals. Freedom in spaces before absolute freedom, if such a thing even exists and if it's worth pursuing. Those are loftier questions than the ones I think I should grapple with for the time being. Enlightenment doesn't come on schedule, does it? It comes when you're ready for it. Ha ha, more pretty narratives.

So uh... I guess the implications are... The first thing that comes to mind is education,  schooling. The kids that do well in school might be those that base their identity on academic success in some way. "I am defined by my grades" is a dangerous, myopic way of doing it and it sets you up for failure and burnout. I defined myself somewhat in rejection of that- I wanted to think that "I am beyond definition", or "I refused to be defined"... but ultimately I think I came to be defined by my stubbornness, my naivete (which I am still kind of proud of, I guess). I think it would've been better to define oneself along the lines of "I work hard to achieve quality in my life" or something like that. I don't know. I have no wisdom to share, just a bunch of examples on how things can go wrong. Life is hard.

I got to work at this point, and stopped writing. Still have about 200 words to go. Still not clear about what I'm saying, but still very excited to figure this stuff out. I think there's something to be dug up here. Beeminder is working well for me, but it isn't the crack it could be. Things don't necessarily have to "be social", and it can be annoying to force people to link stuff up to Facebook, G+, Twitter, etc. Rather than make me share my stuff, it would make more sense to make me develop/create my identity through my choices. Again, this is what the good dating sites get people to do- guide people through creating a compelling character, and put them through a compelling narrative. This is what all good video games do. This is what schooling does not do. School is designed to make you an interchangeable cog. That's hardly interesting. That's hardly compelling. Why would anybody pick that over slaying dragons? Seriously?!

Help make people unique. Help people craft their own identities and give them a goddamn narrative, where they can start playing with real stakes, real everything. Stop demonizing games for doing what you can't- hold people's attention. Study them instead. Learn from them. They're good because they have to be.

dream interpretation

It has been a long and strange night, yet not really. I slept late, at 1am. Yet I am wide and clearly awake at 6am, and so full of thought and so well rested that it feels strange. If one can feel so well rested in 5 hours, why is it necessary to sleep more? The most interesting thing about all this was a clear single dream I had, which involved me going to London for some reason. My siblings were involved at my parent's old home (but no parents). My wife was not involved, but my cats were. I bumped into two friends in London. Other friends were there too and they missed a bus in the rain. I had managed to ger on. I tried to get the driver to stop for them but he just exasperatedly kept going and said something along the lines of "how am I supposed to run a transport company if people don't make an effort to be seen?" Something like that. One friend is a friend from my teenage years who I owed lot. Another is a Kevin Malone esque (The Office US) type character from my National Service days, who really just wanted the approval of his peers and is a nice guy but is fat and unappealing. A great cog to take advantage of if you're naturally nice to unappealing people.

(I think it might have been James Altucher or someone else who said that these are the people that nobody wants to fuck- and while people express outrage or dismay at such a classsification- they could go out and change history by fucking them... but nobody fucks them. So we're hypocrites. Everybody deserves to be fucked lovingly and well but there are some people almost none of us will fuck. So clearly we're shitting ourselves somehow.)

I remember having a funny interaction at the airport with some cashier- I boughr coffee for 2 pounds and thought that was surprisingly cheap and then realized I had conflated sgd with gbp.

So that dream felt like a good 2, 3, maybe even 5 days had passed. In reality it was hours. I had gone to sleep reading paul graham's essays with the wife. Paul's essays would be near the top of my tecommendee reading list. I think I need to do some reshuffling of my Recommended page. Another person I find myself referring to is Venkatesh Rao of Ribbonfarm, who wrote an epic multi-part essay over seversl years called the Gervais principle. I'm mentioning him because I realize that both paulg and vgr have seeped into my thinking (seth godin already did some fime ago, but now the three are coalescing in my head in some ways that I'm pretty excited about- but as I've been saying for v the past 5 or 6 posts and will continue repeating- it's all a mess for now and I will figure it out as I go. I'm willing to invest a good 50,000 words or more worthbof thought to figure this stuff out. I don't care, I do it because it's fun. Defining social media was hard and fun. Trying to make sense of gamification and subjectivization is fun, too. Maybe my obsession with complex systems was just laying the groundwork for thinking about identity creation.

Once you realize that most if not all the things we do are to make ourselved feel better or to construct our identities in a way that makes us feel good somehow, it's really, really hard to unsee it. I'm fucking lucky that my boss gets this, because it must be excruciating to work for someone who doesn't. (Well- you could exploit them, but would you rathee work for a sucker you're exploiting, or someone you acknowledge as superior and learn from? Depends on your priorities. Where possible one should seek out superior mentors. For selfish reasons. It leads to a more rich, interesting and compelling life. And ultimately I think more free-wealth too, where not-free-wealth is money you earn with the subtle unwritten clause that you have to spend it on a shitty aspirational lifestyle you didn't in full-consciousness sign up for. That's a pretty shitty life. Maybe. Maybe it's great. I could be making this up to feel good about my own chosen path. But many people richer and smarter than I have revealed that the grand hedonistic treadmill has very diminishing returns. So get the hell off and do whetever brings you real, sustainable desert-island-joy. For me it's writing. Everything else exists to some degree to serve this process. Maybe.

Venkat Rao does this thing where he comes up with terms (Gollumization, for instance, is when a person is turned into a Gollum-like character from Lord of the Rings, single-mindedly obsessed with some pursuit. They typically possess some degree of cunning- like how drug addicts might be really persusasive and charming [David Foster Wallace explores this in Infinite Jest], but only just enough to serve the real master. Smeagol is but a shadow, a smidgen kept alive simply to serve the rot, decay, obsession. Smart zombies, basically.). Having coined these terms he is then free to use them in future writing to quickly and succinctly bring up a wealth of information/idea in a very compressed amount of space. It's like linking to a wikipedia page instead of explaining a phenomenon.

I don't have to invent these things myself- I can use the motifs of others. Nathan Jurgenson's work on the dialectic data self is a great one. The concept: the Profile. Your web identity which you create and present to the world; a persona which serves you... but you also live to serve it. Ig begins to create you just as much as you create it. Documentation influences experience, experience influences documentation. (Just occurred to me that Nassim Taleb does the motif creation thing too. And I suppose to some degree, so does Gladwell. The ides is to create or curate and use sticky terms that resonate with people. It's good jargon, evocative and memorable.)

Breaking the post in half here.

Tuesday morning.

Okay I'm up and on the way to work, a little late. I got online after finishing my word vomit, and predictably started procrastinating on reddit and tumblr before I even posted it- and I didn't actually publish it in the end. Silly. I underestimated how awake I would be. I knew I had to be sleep deprived even though I felt clear-headed at the start. It was one of those calm-before-the-storm moment. The wife woke up at about 845ish- I thought I'd have more alonr time. Ended up napping a little more, and now I'm going to work latee then I'd like.

There's a time management lesson to be learned there. I systematically overestimate the amount of time and autonomy I have in a given glut of time.

We read a bunch of Paul Graham essays together last night (so romantic, right?) and I found myself revisiting a few ideas. While I do these vomits to clear my mind, I'm still on my phone, writing in sentences. I'd like to set aside quiet time once or twice a week- an hour of quiet silence with no stimuli, maybe just pen and paper.

I didn't exercise yesterday, I think- was feeling tired- and I felt like not-exercising today too, but forcefully decided against it. Score. Little victories. I need to keep my graphs going strong and vertical. I practiced the guitar a little last night. It wasn't the most structured practice, but I will learn and grow quickly if I practice regularly.

Thought I'd revisit education and identity-creation. Here's the first hypothesis: anything activity that is compelling or addictive has some element of identity-creation or identity-exploration about it. I thought about this when watching a play a few weeks ago. The disparity between the quality of performances of the thespians were staggering. They were all students, but some were powerful and convincing- suspension of disbelief was near complete- while others seemed to be going through the motions, speaking the lines but not feeling them, mistaking volume for intensity (a mistake me and my bandmates made regularly as young musicians). I felt like some of them were really exploring the identities of their characters with fullness, while others were just outlines. In the User Illusion, Tor Norretranders argues persuasively that the reason a theater fanatic goes to watch plays (despite having memorized all the lines) is to witness the state embodied and transmitted by the actors. It's the same reason we watch live music- slam poetry, jazz- to lose ourselves in the information that's not in the words and scores. To read between the lines, to be overwhelmed in rapture.

This rarely ever happens in schools, and when it does it's almost always serendipitious rather than by design. Because school (conventionally) is not meant to help you create your own identity or to explore others'. School is optimized for assessment, daycare and obedience training.

It's completely rational for kids to hate school and love anime or tumblr or world of warcraft, or even cigarettes and drugs. The less room there is to explore, create and define identity in school, the more students will be drawn to whatever little freedom they have outside of it. Shakespeare, Plato, Socrates, Steve Jobs, Einstein... Everybody was doing whet they thought was fun. They were following their own curiosity.

It's funny how obsolete school is becoming. When you put everyone through the same grinder, you make everybody largely interchangeable. This is good for the functioning of a static system but bad for the individual- you have crap negotiating power, because you are easily replaceable. Now you're easily replaceable by cheap labour from elsewhere, and it's such a great opportunity for them that they're going to be much hungrier and fight much harder... and they're going to win. They're going to win the race to the bottom. This static system had its benefits- the cost to the individual's autonomy was offset by the benefits to the entire system. This provided for housing, healthcare, etc.

The system is no longer static. We need people with identities. But we don't optimize for that. We optimize for safety-seeking automatons. Paul Graham pointed out that the employer is really a proxy for the market. But employers aren't really as great as they're made out to be. Many employers are quickly becoming obsolete. Why not bypass the employer and go straight to the market? Why not develop skills and perspectives that make you stand out rather than fit in? You might laugh at the girls wiring dinosaur erotica but they're making good money from it and they can do whatever the hell they like with it.

Faith in institutions has always disturbed me. I went to the opposite extreme and became a procrastinating hedonist. (I did write, though, and I did play in a band that interacted directly with fans, so the idea of making a living by selling things directly to people who want them was always on my radar.

I know I'm repeating myself a lot but it's ridiculous how some people are struggling to find jobs and some jobs are struggling to find people.

Feeling a little tired of this topic. Feeling a little guilty for doing my regular school-is-obsolete rant without really exploring any new ground. I'm really not very interested in re-optimizing schools. I think that's like optimizing Kodak cameras or Nokia phones (pre smartphone). I firmly believe that the future of education lies outside the traditional education system- education will be disrupted. I would put my money where my mouth is. If I had a kid, I would send her to school but I would have zero interest in her grades. Instead I'd encourage her to build stuff and put it in the international marketplace. To explore her curiosity. To write or dance or draw or anything her heart desired. I mean it. She will develop a good command of language because I will talk to her, read to her, read with her, ask her questions. This is all easier said than done of course- and I don't have a child. And we're not really planning to have any, as far as I can tell. But that's how I believe things are going to turn out. I got headhunted because of my blog and I was doing that for fun, and now I have the best job I can think of- and my schooling had nothing to do with it.

Maybe this isn't for everyone. But that's what they said about public schools, too. Literacy for the peasant children? Insane!

(yeah, I did 3 word vomits before I got to work today. Pretty sweet.)

Everything we do is to feel good about ourselves, even at the expense of real things like health. We'll screw up our lives if we think we're doing something good and feel good doing it and we'll ignore any evidence to the contrary. The people who buck this trend are the most remarkable of all. In his prime era, Lee Kuan Yew didn't give a fuck about good feelings. He was committed to doing shit that worked empirically, even if it was ugly. I think tremendous respect is due here from a decision-making perspective. Even if you disagree, a lot of disagreement tends to be rooted in the fact that Statesmen have to make decisions no private individual wants to make, and indecision can be more damaging than a decision that harms a few. Elon Musk notably preaches the need to seek out negative feedback- he is sensitive to bullshit and innoculates himself against it. That's how you build something of significance- a commitment to truth, however inconvenient.

I am going to repeat myself again about the impossibility of saying everything that ought to be said, all at once. I am doing this to help rewire my brain, to get comfortable with revealing thst I'm not as smart as I present myself to be. These vomits are unstructured, non-linear, more noise turn signal. This is necessary.

I had a friend who was a smartass like me on Facebook- only smarter, and more of an ass, and he used to do this thing where he'd summarize the thoughts of others and mock them for taking the long way. I used to get worried and upset when I was on the receiving end of this. "Oh no, I've been bested! I'm such a rambly annoying bastard!"

But I was conflating so many things in my naivete. Yes I am a rambly bastard but that's okay as long as you do it in private, or on a personal channel that others can choose to opt-in to. This is where social media is a bitch and ruins friendships because it sells itself as networking but it's really closer to publishing, and the effectd of publishing to a ready audience has interedting effects on people. It makes ud performers, more combative, eager to win the cheers of the crowd that's watching.

Second, it's always easy to summarize thoughts on hindsight. Tl; drs are easier to write at the end of a post then the start of it, because when you're starting you don't know where you're going. You just flow to the next most interesting or relevant point. Some points might be weak or relevant and get eliminated in the final summary- and the summarizer looks really smart and witty for doing it. The summary itself is a public service and everybody should get in the habit of summarizing their thoughts. Hmm. Maybe I should, too. That will make sifting through 1000 vomits a lot more palatable.

Returning to the identity creation/feel good idea. My poor idealistic wife is often horrified at how poorly things are run, or how people often pay lip service to things- and sometimes people put so much effort into the lip service that they might as well literally have done the work that they were putting off. (This was the case for me and my band- we spent time promoting ourselves which, on hindsight, shouldve been spent practicing.) She gets flustered and frustrated. Why are people so silly/stupid/ignorant? Why are things (education, for instance) so bad?

Simple answer: most people care more about feeling and looking good than actually making a significant, measurable difference. The wayang way. This isn't a malicious, malingering sort of active subversion. People aren't out to screw and mislead each other on purpose. We do it because we believe our own bullshit. was one of them- and I still am, and always will be if I'm not careful. So a lot of my haters were on to something- I was full of shit. I probably still am. But I'm trying to clean that out now. I believed my own shit. Probably still do.

What got me out of it? To answer the question would be to partake in narrative fallacy, but why not. I believe it might've been my boss that got past my defences. I would attribute it less to his qualities and more to his station in life- he has nothing to gain in terms of personal identity/utility from mocking or insulting me, so he doesn't, so he doesn't trigger my knee-jerk identity-protection reactions. (My wife and some of my cloe friends unfortunately had to deal with this shit from me- our relationship got so toxic over time that it became impossible to separate genuine concern and goodwill from selfish self-glorification or caustic abuse.) My boss was a new figure in my life and we had no history of oneupmanship or back and forth, so neither of us has any incentive to be anything but honest with each other. While he does gain from me being a more effective and efficient employee, he could very easily get rid of me if he's not satisfied- something that friends and family cannot really do.

This is why I'm starting to see how therapy is a good idea. Alternatively, everybody needs friends or peers who aren't a part of their socisl group.

Is this narrative accurate? No, it's probably bullshit I made up to feel good about myself. The challenge is to rip it to shreds and start over. I will do that. I already sense the weight of some of the bullshit that's already slipped through the cracks. So let's get bsck to basics:

1: I am a bullshitter who does and says things to feel good about myself

2: So are you and so is everyone else

This has implications. Especially on how we should spend our time. For me, this means practically never posting another Facebook status update ever again, and probably more fasts and absences in the future. There is quiet and serenity to be found at the bottom of the sea, away from the crashing waves... and down there, dark and deep, you can hear your heart beating.

Our vocabulary for addiction and personal change or development is so limited. It's so simplistic and juvenile, and it's somehow self-evident to me that if we improve the way we talk about these things, we improve the way we deal with them.

I think that's because the inverse seems to be true- the more simplistically you talk about something- the more bluntly, the more we overgeneralize, the likelier we are to get things wrong. And we get things wrong in a very broad, blunt way. When we're precise, we still get things wrong- in fact we can sometimes get things very, very wrong. But then we learn. This isn't the case for broader strokes- we're "somewhat in the ballpark", and that's "okay".  So there seems to me to be a relationship between the way we talk about something and the way we deal with it.

To be more precise- there's a relationship between the way we talk and the way we think, and there's another relationship between the way we think and the way we act. Ultimately we just want to improve the way we act, so we're all better off, in whatever sense we want that to mean.

Anyway. I want to talk about cigarettes for a while. I've talked about them many times before, and I overdramatize them, but this is my blog and I want to talk about them so I'm going to talk about them. And let me illustrate the original point with a statement: It's been about a week since my last cigarette.

That statement by itself doesn't actually tell you very much. Am I trying to quit, or not? Was I a heavy smoker prior to that, or not? Most people won't even really ask these questions- but then and again, to be fair, most people don't really care. Other smokers or ex-smokers or on-again-off-again smokers might be interested, but even then that's probably rooted in self-interest- we want to know how others are doing so that we can figure out "where we stand". It's insidious, how much we care about these things.

Erm... I realize that you can't interrupt a word vomit. You have to go from start to finish. There's a certain rhythm to it that you can't mess up. The dots connect in a certain way, and then you have to follow the path. The path is set up semi-nicely, but it's also temporary, and if you don't start running on it immediately to light it up, it fades away, and you'll forget what you were getting at, what you were going for, and you're left with this sad and sorry memory of something that could've been.

It'll be somewhat interesting to read my vomits on hindsight and see where they go. Anyway, I'm going to use the distraction as fuel- I got on Facebook and started scrolling back to see what I've done that was well-liked, well-responded to. I have a blogpost in me that I'm saving up called confessions of an ex-facebook addict. Or something like that. We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.

I've said that there are certain similarities between cigarette addiction and Facebook, and games- all of them are games in a certain way, and Facebook is a lot about identity creation- you want to find out who you are, in the context of the people of your life. I caught myself scrolling back through my old status updates and shares to see what people respond to- because in a small way people are a representation of reality, of "the market", of "nature". It's like doing comedy- you might find all of your own jokes funny, but you also want to see what people laugh at. (Reminder: Louis CK's description of what he did to be like George Carlin is one of the most powerful things I've ever seen, and it's very compelling and it speaks to me as a creator of some sort. That's how you create- you have to discard. You have to kill your babies. It's way, way harder than it sounds.)

Ermm.... shall I get back to smoking? I wanted to think of a dramatic way to say this but I'll just lay out the facts in a boring way- I started fooling around with cigarettes at the end of 2006, early 2007, became a full on smoker around mid 2007, really really serious by 2008... I loved them, they meant something to me- they kept me company, they understood me, they let me express myself, they let me be me, blah blah. I happily smoked throughout 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012.... thousands of cigarettes (500 packs is 1,000). Thousands and thousands. I attempted to quit three or four times, and never really went more than three or four days- usually when I was really, really sick. (You don't enjoy cigarettes when you're horribly sick, so you might as well just not smoke- and at the end of the illness you've been smoke free for 4 or 5 days, so you might as well keep going. Some people might pull this off, but I think it's not a sustainable strategy- one that's likely to hit failure.)

To quit smoking you need to go into a very different place and build failsafes that'll keep you there- the simplest version of this is a completely different way of looking at yourself, at cigarettes, at life and the world- but easy for me to say all this, I've never quit smoking. What makes me confident that I can, though, is that I quit Facebook (for about 3 months, fine), and going back to it makes me feel like it's never going to be the same again, and that I'm going to have to leave forever. I've also broken ties with some really close friends- and ultimately that's what quitting smoking is going to be like, leaving an abusive relationship. And that's much easier said than done, because abusive relationships are never 100% bad. In fact that 50% or less of good in the relationship is going to look better than most of the shitty good in the rest of the world.

Not happy with this vomit, but I'm just going to ship it and start another one. Why? I don't know, I just feel like it.

This is titled 0100B because I repeated a number somewhere and decided to resolve it here.

People in abusive relationships return to their abusers multiple times before leaving. I think this is because of the good times. You occasionally have a pleasant time and your brain is bad at reminding you that what brings you pleasure can also bring you pain, and that pain can seriously outweigh the pleasure... progressively. We return to our abusers (we might hope) out of love. Out of faith, however misplaced. There's always something a little noble and sacrificial about faith. About commitment. Commitment is respectable, isn't it? Persistence is admirable. Don't quit.

I've been quitting all year. It started partially to outdo a friend who had failed, and partially because my colleagues are all non-smokers, and these are folks I want to learn from and get along with- so naturally, subconsciously or otherwise, there's an element of peer-mimicking.

At my best run I went three weeks cold, had one cigarette, went another week, then relapsed. I'd only smoke at home, though- before and after work. It felt like some sort of progress, for a while. But the reduced smoking I think had "phase-shifted" me. I think I had passed the crest of my smoker life. I kept ashtrays at home, and I found them filthy and disgusting. I had to clean them out myself and it was gross. I was aware that I had constantly bad breath but I had adapted to that. In the 3 weeks that I'd stopped, I noticed how much cleaner and fresher my home was. I wanted it to stay that way. The seeds had been planted.

Each time you quit and start again, you feel like shit the next day. Your mouth is moulting. Your nose is stuffy and clogged with small particles. You sniffle in the morning as the mucus tries to clean it out. Some coughing and sneezing. A morning cigarette gets rid of these "symptoms"- and here it becomes easier to imagine alcoholism- a drink "cures" a hangover. A quick fix now which shoves the negative into the future, a multiplied megaton payoff like cancer or lung disease. The lung disease is scarier to me.

Your lips, tongue and mouth get charred and coated with gunk. You notice this in your ashtrays- I use porcelain white ashtrays, and you can see the film of gross yellow shit that forms on it- and I've seen the same thing on my tongue and teeth.

Every subsequent attempt to quit gets you more acquainted with life on the other side of cigarettes. It's a brighter and more colorful world with a broader field of vision. It's also noisier and more chaotic. This chaos can be overwhelming.

I don't mean figuratively, by the way. One of the most immediate things I notice two days after I finish a pack of cigarettes (and I've verified this on multiple occasions) is that I see more color in the world. I believe that this is the effect of an "upper". (Technically I believe nicotine is a depressant- a downer- so coming off cigarettes feels like "coming up"). The world literally looks brighter and more colorful. The movie Limitless captures this quite beautifully.

Unfortunately going off cigarettes doesn't make everything super clear- the new sensory stimulus can be overwhelming- and you have to train yourself to manage it. (Now I'm reminded of Man of Steel). This is when it's most tempting to smoke a cigarette because cigarettes relax and focus you. They do. I've tested this. They just have shitty side effects that are not worth fucking with.

As I write this, I've been off cigarettes for over a week, and I feel more resentment towards them than ever before. I have multiple sores in my mouth (almost always happens after I stop smoking- and actually more often than usual as a smoker). My tongue still feels shitty. My skin is starting to feel less tense- smoking dries out your skin and eyes and turns you into a prune.

As my body repairs the damage, I find myself moving away from the "compromise solution"- the idea that I'll just smoke once in a while. No. Fuck cigarettes, they suck. They're abusive. They're seductive but they ruin you. They give you this illusion that you're in control, that you're self-medicating. But it's a trap. Cigarettes are Chris Brown. They make you feel special and loved but then WHAM right in the kisser. (It's always appropriate to mock Chris Brown mirite?) Cigarettes are cigarettes- a seductive illusion. Gold-painted shackles which eventually lose their luster.

So yes, that's me and cigarettes- and to a certain degree, that's me and video games, me and Facebook. Me and procrastination. And I'm sick of it. I'm tired of it. Worst of all... I'm bored. This is boring. A lifetime of struggling with addiction is freaking boring. There are many more interesting things out there, just outside the Cave.

Should I try to offer some sort of advice? I'm not qualified. But let's try, let's suppose I met 17 year old Visa. Cigarettes are nice, yes. You're going to spend a lot of money on them with diminishing returns. You know what you should do instead? Save up for a guitar. Have lunch at more posh places- it might cost 2-3 times more but it feels about 5 times better. You'll wish you were fitter.

No, that's not helpful. You'll want a ritual of some sort to escape the world. You know what's my ritual, (yours 6 years from now?) Writing. The world sorely lacks good writers. People will pay you good money for it if you start cultivating the skill now. You knew all along that books are drugs. Revisit them. Explore your curiosity.

Also, I haven't fully explored this myself, but I think meditation is going to be the bomb.

PS: I saw something on Tumblr about self-abuse and how you ought to think of yourself as a child as a mental exercise. Would you give cigarettes to a child? Would you feed pizza to a child until it got bloated and fat? Would you deprive her of sleep? Of course thid analogy breaks down because we're not actually children- you wouldn't have intercourse with a child but it's perfectly acceptable- even healthy- to do it with consenting adults.

But questions about morality are good- replace sex with play, maybe- would you lie to a child just to get something out of her? Actually this is interesting to juxtapose with pg's essay about lies we tell children. The point is that it's an interesting mental exercise, a lens to examine yourself (and your treatment of yourself) through. It may shed some light on some things you otherwise ignore.

I have time for a few sentences before I reach work. I'd like to say that it seems to me that meditation is a fantastic thing to do when "bored". Using Quotes because it doesn't make sense to be bored in this day and age. We live in times too exciting for boredom. There's always something to do.

How about this- boredom is really just decision paralysis. Too many things to do, all of them slightly out of reach, in a world that likes to put you in that state, and keep you there.

Meditation seems to allow the dust to settle so you can see more clearly. Here's an excerpt from a failed vomit:

"It's interesting how I've been so resistant to meditating daily. I just took 10 minutes to clear my mind and I feel so much better. I was staring into space and dots were connecting for me- and I realized I wanted to read a particular book on my shelf. If something had been different I might have wanted to code, or play guitar, or write. So that's an amazing thing that meditation does- it simplifies decision-making. It allows the dust to settle so you can see more clearly. This is why you need to take walks. For perspective, for collisions. A walk is practically always a great idea. But we do it so little. We're desk-bound."

Boring Preamble About My Word Vomits
This is my 101st word vomit of at least 1,000 words each. The early vomits were written under strict time limits- I used an app called Write Or Die (yeah, I actually paid for it!) which had a timer. Since starting work, I decided to write during my morning and evening commutes instead. In a bittersweet way, these vomits have become arguably my favourite thing. It's when I feel most alive and productive. (I say bittersweet because I'd like to be as productive at work. I'm, uh, working on it. I'm going to make it happen.)

101 vomits. 101,000 words (actually more- probably closer to 115,000 or higher). And I'm just 10% of the way towars what I want to do. Why 1,000,000 words? Just an arbitrary milestone. I like the idea of it. My first vomit was on 2012-Dec-07, 3 days before I got married. I didn't know this until a few seconds ago- but it was about video games and gamification. Here: 0001 - Video Games And Productivity.

Dinesh of ReferralCandy (now my boss, heh) would only email me on January 21st. The day after that, I would write 0035 - HDB, which would go on to be the source for an article I wrote for PoachedMag: Buying A HDB Flat. (35 seems like a lot, but I was an unemployed bum at the time. 35,000 words.)

I got my smartphone at post 0039 - smartphone. This was a game changer. Post 0049 - "I didn't do well because I didn't study" went relatively viral. It was being shared on Facebook, and actually ended up being read in Russia and Eastern Europe. I suppose there are many others like me who made up that bullshit excuse for themselves. It has 1,423 hits. I've had blogposts get more hits than that, of course- my CISCO Wayang post got over 20,000 hits and my What's PM Lee like in person? post got over 19,000. (The latter post continues to climb, and will probably overtake the former in a few months.)

All of my top-grossing posts were about Singaporean politics. I got a bit of a thrill from the hits initially, but I got immune to it after a while. It's just Singaporean politics. It's easy to work people up into a frenzy and get lots of hits. But it's not very fulfilling. My best non-SG blogpost was "7 Lessons Smokers Can Teach Us About Getting Shit Done". Then maybe stuff like my Hacking The 7 Sins series (I'm goning to rework that).

Then came my mega-hit (which now ranks 3rd, behind CISCO and PM Lee)- the productivity app blogpost. This got me to the front page of Hacker News. Oddly, the SG politics stuff sort of prepared me for it psychologically/emotionally. What I wasn't prepared for were the emails- so many people emailing me telling me that they suffer from the same problems, that they want to build my app, asking for my input on stuff they're working on. I've emailed some of those people back, I haven't emailed others. (Hey, you knew I was a procrastinator before you emailed me.)
So, what the hell is up, anyway?
I wrote about an app, but I apologize if I got anybody's hopes up- I was merely using the concept of an app as a thinking tool. I don't actually think that an app is the magical solution to all my problems. In fact, my word vomit habit is a better thing than most other things. Still, I felt that I was doing things in a suboptimal way and I was edgy and impatient to leap to something better. I looked through most of the ideas people sent me. What I didn't mention in the previous blogpost is- I've tried practically everything there is out there (that's free). I'm a junkie. I know what it's like. I've done my research. I even experimented with a paid solution (RescueTime) but it didn't work out for me- I'd just ignore it. I enjoyed HabitRPG for a while but it got buggy and that bothered me. Something didn't feel quite right- it didn't capture the growth and personal development in a way that I wanted.

Somebody commented "Have you tried Beeminder?" and I knew that I signed up for an account before- way back, when I wanted to keep track of my A level studies. I didn't even get started on it, because I found the data entry intimidating. Daniel Reeves- one of Beeminder's cofounders- emailed me personally to ask me if I'd try Beeminder. I knew that I had signed up for it before, which meant that I must have seen something in it. I googled him and found that he wrote this essay- How To Do What You Want: Akrasia and Self-Binding. I absolutely loved it (and will be reading it again). This made me decide that I was going to give Beeminder a serious try- if it didn't work out, I'd move on to one of the many other options.
It's working. It's working!
I haven't had to move on to any other options. Upon figuring out how the data entry works (it drove me away the first time- I wasn't interested/invested enough then to bother to put in the effort), I realized that it's exactly what I needed. I've turned some aspects of my life into a game that I enjoy playing.

This is me after about one week of minding. The main goal is exercise- as long as I exercise regularly, everything else tends to fall into place. I set a minimum target of 15 sets a week. I then introduced "write", and I think I set it at 5 a week. Then I introduced meditate and read (2 or 3 times a week each... manageable, soft.) The goal is to stay above the yellow line. It's as simple as that. Keep the dots above the yellow line and you're doing good. You're on track. You're a responsible person (within this framework). You're okay.

Here's what it looks like after another week. I've steepened the exercise target (which is why the data points themselves look less steep). I added guitar, because music is a source of joy in my life. A quick glance at the trends and I know what I ought to be doing. I should read something soon, to put that graph upwards. I should practice some guitar after that.

This I find is far more compelling and engaging than "don't break the chain", which for me always felt a little oversimplistic and a little insulting. (I KNOW- If I say that, I shouldn't be breaking chains. Also, this is essentially a more elaborate form of don't-break-the-chain. But it looks a little cooler, and it feels a little cooler, too.) I believe I'll have to pay to track more stuff- but I'll happily do that. First, I want nicer, smoother graphs for everything, and I want to steepen all of them. I want to get good at this. I want to level up. I want my overall output to increase. I've felt myself thinking "I don't really feel like doing my squats and pushups today, but 20 pushups and I get a point on the graph! C'mon!"

It works, okay? It works. It's working.

So is my life reasonably optimal right now? No, not really, not yet. My exercise routine looks and feels great, and my word vomit habit is great, but I think I can afford to read more, and most importantly I think I can afford to be a lot more productive at work- I think I could increase my work output very, very significantly.

None of this addresses my points about prompts- those are semi-internalized, and I get reminded of them when I look at my Beeminder graphs (which are on a pinned tab on my Chrome, and on an app on my Android phone).

In the meantime, I was thinking that I'd like to get to know more people who're interested in this sort of thing. I'm tentatively going to propose a twitter hashtag #lightingfires. I think peer pressure will work great for this.

I have a lot more to say about this. But I just thought some of you would appreciate the fact that the "argh i have a productivity/procrastination problem" guy is making progress on his procrastination problem. If I can, so can you.

Btw, I don't think that Beeminder's perfect I think they could get a much sexier interface, make it more compelling, bla bla... but I'm just a user with lofty, endless feature requests. I'm sure they have a whole bunch of stuff to worry about. For the time being, this is the best tool I've tried, and I've tried many, many, many tools.

YMMV. But get in the damn car and floor it. I'm here if you need to talk. I think a very significant part of why I was determined to make this work for me was that I wanted to have something to show for it, so that I could maybe do something for others who're in similar straits. I'm here for you. Let's set your ass on fire.

I want to analyse it. Let's begin chronologically.

Our story begins with our protagonist, Cady. Cady's been homeschooled her whole life, which makes her a perfect "blank slate" character to explore sociological reality with. She has no preconceived notions of how people behave or ought to behave in cliques and groups. She's "fresh".

The first thing that happens when she shows up at school is... overwhelming chaos. She's unable to make sense of the elaborate, cascading complexity that are high-school social relations. She's unaware of all the unspoken rules, and takes appearances to be reality. We naturally sympathize with her, because "seeing is believing" is a natural human tendency, and we all know what it's like to play by one set of rules before discovering that there's a second, unspoken set of rules that actually govern the game.

The first interesting thing that happens is that she gets pushed around a little bit. This is normal for any newcomer in any social setting- it happens to the new girl in prison in Orange Is The New Black, it happens to each new employee that shows up in The Office. What's actually happening? I'll borrow a leaf from Venkat's book here. A social group typically has a clearly defined alpha and omega, and everything in between is largely illegible. The alpha group in Mean Girls are the Plastics, while the omega are Janis and Damien- the suspected lesbian and the fat gay boy. Both relatively unattractive, relatively unremarkable. The asians, etc are the in-between groups. Insignificant in the grand scheme of things.

The omegas (Janis and Damien) are the likeliest group to take Cady in from the start. They have nothing to fear from her presence, because they have nothing to lose. The show could've ended here- Cady becomes friends with Janis and Damien and they live happily ever after, hanging out together, mocking the hallowed Plastics from a distance. The second likeliest group to take Cady in would've been the math nerds.

The story only progresses into conflict and complexity because Cady is attractive. If Cady were unattractive, she would happily join the Math club, stay friends with Janis and Damien, and everything would go happily-ever-after.

But because Cady is attractive, she is a threat to the Plastics. This is absolutely central to the plot. It isn't a coincidence that the Plastics invited Cady to sit at the table with them. They noticed her attractiveness. If they subsume her into the group (keep your enemies close), they can control her. If she were left as a free agent, she would earn the attention of the attractive boys (Aaron, for instance), and she would threaten the alpha status of Regina and the Plastics. She would delegitmize them.

The interactions between Cady and the Plastics is something right out of Ender's Game in its realpolitik. Cady alludes to this when pointing out how she found herself desiring Alpha Regina's approval even though she hated her, and how Gretchen too chose to be miserable within the Plastics rather than leave it- because the Plastics as a collective are the Alpha group.

(The Plastics maintain their alpha status through attention. Their sexuality and their attractiveness is their chief source of social currency. This is demonstrated in the sexy costumes for halloween, and in the Christmas skit.)

It's interesting to study the social dynamics within the Plastics themselves. Regina is rightfully Queen Bee because she is the most socially intelligent and manipulative of all. She's also rich, and drives- all assets that she can leverage. ("Walk home, bitches," she goes, when her clueless followers side with Cady instead of her, and attempt to use her arbitrary rules- which she instituted to control them and keep them in line- against her.)  

She demonstrates her social intelligence several times, and it's clear that she derives pleasure from this. The moment that spoke to me the most was when she phoned Cady with "I know your secret," and then went on to say "Don't you hate Gretchen for ratting on you?" while Gretchen was on the phone. She deliberately plays people off against each other, manipulating them and their insecurities. She lies to Aaron about Cady. I'd go so far as to say that she built the burn book all along as blackmail capital- it's a Dead Man's Switch, which she can use as leverage against anybody who contemplates backstabbing her.

This is what socially manipulative people do- they "store bullets". It's like Batman keeping kryptonite in case he ever has to kill Superman. They know a lot about everybody, they have superior information- people like Gretchen (clueless) seek Regina's approval, and freely divulge information to earn that (supeficial) approval. Notice how insidious Regina is- she got Cady to insult Ms. Sharon in the burn book.

Janis underestimated Cady. While she had nothing to lose by Cady joining her and Damien, she lost Cady to the Plastics. I think this happens a lot with "genuine" people (clueless) who play their cards straight. We assume that our honesty and straightforwardness will be appreciated. Unfortunately, social reality is like poker- there are real stakes involved, and you don't win by "playing nice". (Well- different people have different interpretations of how the game ought to be played. Janis and Regina have completely different interpretations. Cady's interpretation of how to play the social game changes throughout the movie- that's her personal development as a character, and that's what makes the movie so goddamn compelling- she experiences multiple different social realities depending on how she wants to play her hand.)

It took a deus ex machina  to defeat Regina. She got hit by a bus. This is the "near death" trope- when a player experiences significant trauma and decides they don't want to play anymore. This is a bit of a copout, and probably a artistic choice for the sake of the limitations of the movie. Think about this- what would've happened if Regina didn't get hit by the bus? Even if Cady decided to "quit the plastic scene", Cady's continued existence would threaten Regina's dominance (as long as Regina cares about her social status). So Regina would have no choice but to decimate Cady altogether. It took a bus to take her out and make her decide that she didn't want to play.

In my view, there's no defeating people like Regina in a simple face-to-face confrontation. She has too many assets (her own looks, the attention she gets from boys, and above all, her shrewd understanding of interpersonal relations, people's insecurities, fears, wants and needs, and all the blackmail content she has).

I suppose maybe Cady could've gone the "exile" route and kept to herself and the math kids. That would have been a less satisfactory movie, of course.

As I revisit quotes of the movie, I realize that both of Regina's followers are "clueless" (in the Gervais principle sense). They are eager for recognition, but they have no real idea of how social dynamics actually work. (Gretchen isn't being a showoff when she says "I can't help it if people like me cause I'm popular"- she's genuinely ignorant of how she comes across when she says that. That's Posturetalk, not Powertalk.)

This ignorance of actual social dynamics why they immediately started following Cady around once Regina was out of the picture. Regina is a top dog meant to be followed, while Cady is too inquisitive, analytical and questioning to be an obedient follower. (Consider how Cady wanted revenge when Regina kissed Aaron. Gretchen and the other girl wouldn't have responded in the same way. They would have conceded defeat and yielded to Regina, and perhaps convinced themselves that it was for the best. "You might think you're attracted to him, but you're not".

In fact... Regina kissing Aaron was probably Regina's way of establishing dominance over Cady. I think that's the simplest and most ratinoal explanation. All Regina really cares about is the pleasure of manipulating others and maintaining her top dog status. She's used to having followers, and didn't quite expect Cady to retaliate. (Cady, of course, retaliates partially because she has nothing to lose, and hasn't been socialized to back down.)

God, what a great bloody film. I could dig deeper into this and tidy stuff up- I think Janis is an interesting character to explore, but I haven't done much of that here- she might be an example of a Gervais "Loser"- a person who's typically smarter than the Clueless (Gretchen, Karen), but chooses not to play the game. (Loser in this case is an economic loser, not a social one- so she loses out economically in social currency because she's not attractive. She demonstrates her wit and intelligence when she outs Cady to Regina in the gymnasium. Everybody relates with Losers- they are the most commonly studied character in sitcoms and films. If you want to understand Clueless- Gretchen, Karen- watch The Office. If you want to understand Sociopaths... Regina's a great example.)

Do you see The Slips? If I didn't use this external to keep myself accountable, the slips would've been the beginning of the end- where I'd have tapered off and done nothing.

My targets for "meditate", "guitar" and "read" are all incredibly low- 2-3 times a week each. I expected to be dominating them, the way I thought I was dominating "exercise".

The data doesn't lie: I'm far less capable than I think I am. This isn't a put-down or an act of self-loathing. I'm pretty proud of myself for sticking to this for as long as I have. I haven't broken any of the commitments I've made to myself in this context- if I practice guitar today, meditate tomorrow and read a book the day after, I've been on track so far, and I intend to stay on it. What's blowing my mind is how much I'm "struggling" to keep up with something I thought would be "really easy".

What does 20 pushups a day sound like? Simple, doable, right? Yet I slipped- you can see right there, in that little blip in exercise. It's the smallest slip I've had, but it's still a slip. There were a few days where I was just really tired and exhausted and didn't want to do anything at all. I think it was a decent call to make, and I'm still very much on track. I'm not a machine. But the point is that I think too highly of myself.

I thought I'd be very quickly progressing on all fronts- that I'd soon be meditating, practicing guitar and reading daily, within a week or two. I left my targets (the slope of the dotted line) alone instead of updating them mostly because I wanted to feel good about dominating them. (I increased the slope of the Exercise line- you can see it has a slight curve to it that the others don't).

I can't help but think about what causes the Slips. Why do they happen, and why do they persist? Sure, I'll miss a day of exercise because I'm tired or not feeling well- but it seems like statistically, missing a day is very likely to lead to missing another day. The longer I go without doing something, the longer I keep going.

It makes me think about my childhood. When I was a kid, my parents and teachers used to scold me for not doing my homework. My parents would take away my computer privileges and attempt to monitor me- my mum would write up a timetable for me to follow, and she would police me for a week or two.

The thing is, I knew that she'd never be able to keep it up. She has her own life to live, she has her own responsibilities to worry about. Nobody can permanently police anybody else (unless that's their full-time job, I suppose). If you wait long enough, eventually your supervisor or boss is going to have to look away, to do their own thing- and then you can start fooling around again. Funnily, this is the one thing I have almost absolute faith in: the fallibility of others. Everybody eventually moves on, everybody eventually leaves, so you just have to wait.

The thing is, this clearly applies to my own conscious self. This is part of the source of my personal akrasia. The saboteur bum inside my head knows that my conscious self, the decision-maker who attempts to control his behaviour will eventually have to leave the room. I'll eventually get distracted, I'll eventually stop paying attention. And then the bum can have his way, spending hours and hours on the internet, Tumblr, wasting time with frivolous distractions, smoke cigarettes, generally being a bum.

So I realized that I needed some sort of scaffolding- an exoskeleton for the brain, a prosthesis to keep me going. To prop me up even when my conscious self is out of the room. A part of the solution is to keep bringing the conscious back. Another part is to modify the environment to limit the damage that the saboteur bum can do on his own.

So beeminder is working great- it emails me when I'm I'm about to screw stuff up, and the email shows up on my smartphone, and in that moment it becomes something I have to confront. If I don't meditate when it tells me that I'm about to screw up the commitment that I made to myself, then I can no longer feign ignorance. I can't pretend that "things just happened", no- I'd have consciously decided to let things fall apart. While this isn't the perfect, fun, stylish solution I've dreamed about, it's working well. It's like the clunky suit that Tony Stark built to get him out of the Afghan cave. It's working well for me so far. And working is better than hypothetical-perfect.

Once I'm well and truly out of the cave, I plan to build or help build the actual suit.

Anybody interested in this analogy should read Venkatesh Rao's Shleps, Puzzles and Packages: Solving Complex Problems The Iron Man Way. I think a lot of procrastinators in the ENTP-stereotype tradition will relate to RDJ's portrayal of Iron Man to some degree- witty, broad range of interests, follows nose, etc- but the point is that Tony Stark had to build the goddamn shitty suit in the Afghan cave before he got out. Many of us are stuck in the cave and dreaming of one day seeing the Extremis armor (or some equivalent) materialize. No dice. We have to work with what we have and bootstrap a makeshift solution and get the hell out of the cave. It'll get a lot more interesting.

I think this is my shlep- the writing, the confrontation of clunky day-to-day works. I'm going to build relationships with other people who are in similar predicaments. I'm going to help myself, then I'm going to help other people, and then we're going to build an army of ex-procrastinators and we're going to be a force for good, to a phenomenal degree.

"This mrt ppc curve is not maximised" - RJC kids on the train.

I've been feeling tired, lethargic and unproductive lately. I think I might be slightly ill, slightly dehydrated, and I haven't really-properly exercised in a while. I'm determined to think of this is a plateau which I will overcome.

I'm thinking it's really important that I continue to watch and influence my information diet. I've been saying several times that I want to deny myself certain distractions but I haven't done very much about it. I'm still coasting on the good feelings I have from deactivating Facebook, but it's really not that big a deal. I still find ways to distract myself. It's frustrating.

I've been deleting and aggregating my bookmarks online. I think I need to work in short bursts because long runs simply don't do it for me. I know pomodoro works so why don't I use it? I think I simply have too many options on my plate. I need to eliminate, eliminate, simplify, meditate. I feel like I've fallen into a backlog trap with my work, which is very reminiscent of the problems I've had since I was in primary school. I'm tired of writing about how tired I am. But I don't see what else I can write about. What else could possibly be meaningful other than me developing self-control, self-discipline, self-mastery? I don't have anything useful to contribute to the world other then a bunch of opinions, which are pretty cheap and easily replaceable, reproducible. I think my blogging-as-inquiry is leading me to the realization (have I stated this before?) that blogging is insufficient. Wit is insufficient. Networking and socializing is insufficient. All of the skills I've developed are relatively worthless in this regard. My usuak approach does not work here, the best chain-gunner in the world will not be able to operate a sniper rifle effectively. I have to unlearn and relearn. I have to empty my cup. I think this means I have to empty a LOT of things... but I don't have the luxury of spending too much time doing that. I have to Do. Why is this so hard? That's not even a useful question- it's hard, the why is simply a curiosity, a parlor game. The question to answer is how do you tackle something that's hard?

You break it down, of course. You find the weakest spot and you hit it as hard as you can. Okay, what's the weakest spot in my current enemy (myself)? Where can I hit hardest to do maximum damage with the limited energy that I have?

Let's take just the present moment. I'll haze to go home and shower immediately- do my pushups and squats (which have to be non-nrgotiable because it's ridiculously easy to get lethargic and unfit when you're working and not paying attention). Clean the cat litter before showering. Have dinner with the wife... should I try and get a little bit of work done before that? Probably not. I should probably draw up battle plans, which is what D told me he did when things got tough.

I think I have to seriously experiment with writing on pen and paper instead off online. Sometimes it seems like my word vomits are the most productive part of my day and they really shouldn't be. I cannot be trusted with an internet connection unless absolutely critical- which is usually only at the stage of publishing and sharing. I can't continue this cycle of thinking I can be trusted and then discovering that I can't.

Going to ask the wife to help me with this.

That was a pretty quick recovery. I had tuna, eggs and vegetables for dinner last night and I had a kaya toast set for breakfast this morning- and I noticed that I wasn't lethargic after lunch. I realize that my understanding of nutrition is woefully limited by my own standards. And I realize this applies to a lot of things. I go through life with an unremarkably piecemeal understanding of things. I've never really fully mastered any video game- even metal slug and bare knuckle which I think I'm pretty good at- I never break past a certain threshold of "good enough". This is fairly consistent. I claim to be perfectionist in theory, but in reality I give up on things before they get really really good. There was a period of time where I tried to improve my metal slug x playing further, which was a little remarkable, but what a pointless pursuit! It would've been more impressive maybe a decade ago. If I'm going to get really good at something now it had better be something that's genuinely useful to me. So blogging, then. Fitness, nutrition (never thought I'd care about that but I'm getting older and my energy levels at 23 seem to be more limited than I thought they would be- isn't this supposed to be the endless youth phase?). Attention management, focus. Conquering fear of imperfection and daring to ship over and over, to create, to lay seige to that which lay before me.

I'm always afraid of giving my everything. The neurosis that makes me hold something back is powerful and deep rooted. But it has to be extracted, now. Yesterday. Surgically. This is way overdue.

I was writing about what smoking does to the body. I had to wonder- does social media have similar effects? Does it wear down your mind? I think it did for me. I love the internet deeply but it also often keeps me from doing the deep work I believe I should be doing, that I believe I am capable of doing. But what is this bloody deep work I keep alluding to? What is this mystical state of productivity I seem to romanticize? There's no such thing, Visa. All we have is this moment- one foot in front of another, one word in front of another, putrid mouth, dithered mind and weary muscles. Deep breaths.

I was reading something about the Gervais principle and I realized that, within that framework, I'm a loser/sociopath. But I don't want to be, damnit! I'm a drone most of the time but in moments of awareness I want to take drastic heroic action. But there are no drastic heroic actions, don't you understand? There's only the steady drip-drup-dripping of the everyday commitment- you unattended this when it comes to vices and addictions, the challenge is merely to apply it to the inverse. This is nothing new, it is phenomenally boring. Same old shit x1000. You most certainly do NOT want to be making these same bullshit excuses at 30, not even 25... The time for extreme surgical action is now.

I have to declutter. I made some progress but I need to take it further. I need more meditation.

Cigarettes suppress your appetite. They burn and numb your tastebuds. They hinder your sense of smell.

I wonder if social media does something similar. I wonder if it suppresses something and substitutes it with something else. Earlier I caught myself craving informatioj and updates- new things to look at, new things to "act on", novelty. I think that's a kind of fetish, a kind of perversion, "extremization", addiction to speed and volume.

It reminds me of playing in a band as a beginner musician. You want power, and the two ways to seemingly get power are speed and volume. Bud volume damages your hearing, and you get numb to it. Speed is exhausting and you get numb to that too. You hurt your hands, you hurt your ears, you get acclimatised to it and it takes more and more to get the same pleasure.

But real power or heaviness doesn't come from volume, speed, hoarseness. It comes from intensity. Control, dynamics. Pulse. The real challenge for a musician is to play slow, not fast. Slow forces you to listen to every single note. It forces you to face weakness, inconsistency. The challenge is to sound powerful and heavy even at low volumes. To have great melodies and rhythms that resonate, that are memorable. This is the pursuit of a certain kind of complexity that isn't immediately apparent to the beginner who just wants hard loud fast now. The same seems to apply to every sort of complex field: writing. Cooking/drinking/eating. Dancing.

My stomach hurts, why? Am I hungry? Whey is it trying to tell me? It's a little sharp for regular hunger. But I last ate at... 1pm. It's been 6 hours. Maybe that's too long. I should try having more meals at smaller intervals. It seems tedious, but so is smoking, isn't it? Smoking is remarkably tedious. You have to remember to light up every hour or so, sometimes more often, especially when stressed. You have to carry a pack with you at all times. Truly remarkable how responsible smokers are at taking care of their habit. Same for social media, for games...

The challenge I think is to pay attention. To listen to your body. To listen to your subconscious. These things are hard to notice over the noise of ad and id overload.

Cigarettes are horrible friends. They deserve to be cut out of your life. You think they make you feel good but it's an illusion, a low hanging fruit- like getting into internet arguments.

Cigarettes, internet arguments, procrastination and abusive relationships all have a little something in common. They're all destructive.

Haven't written because I feel like I'm repeating myself and I have zero authority. None, not even to speak for myself.

I think I was well and truly addicted to Facebook. I think it was a legitimate psychological addiction, dopamine and all. And I think walking away from that revealed a lot to me. And I'm coming back to some maybe acid thoughts here but life is a trip and you can go anywhere you want. You can smash stuff and throw things out the window- there may be some repercussions but you're not nearly as enslaved as you think you are, or as you behave.

I honestly think going off Facebook gsve me some perspective on smoking. I think my "social" addiction might be worse than my nicotine addiction- which makes sense of you think about it because we are deeply social creatures.

So I've been a parasite, dependent on others for my self worth and validation to some degree. I tell myself that I'm smart and don't have to work hard at anything and I use that idea to try and show off, maybe. I don't know. Maybe what I've always needed was a really public failure. But even then I typically find some way to psychologically insulate myself. I'm really good at that. I protect my psychological state at the expense of my relationships, my legacy, my everything. Maybe.

The whole phenomena is honestly too complex for me to do justice to in one attempt, 1000 words or not. I'm not sure if clarifying it will be helpful. I'll just dump some observations in the meantime. Remember this is what I do to pass time on trains instead of social media or games... why did I just say that? Trying to make myself look good. Overdeveloped skill. It might be useful on the other side of growth but for now it's simply stopping me from properly acknolwedging negative feedback...

Its interesting to quit smoking and then pick it up again and then quit again. You start to get an understanding of what it really does to you. Your mouth, tongue and teeth gets coated in a layer of gunk that becomes filthy- it really stinks and it feels unclean, unhealthy... almost like some sort of death, decay. Your lips get parched and burnt. Sometimes your tongue develops ulcers and slight burns... so it seems. Your air passages get clogged up. This is especially noticable in the morning when you wake up- sneezes and runny nose, a deeper wisdom in the body anxiously trying to repair itself before the pleasure craving kicks in and takes over. You arrest the dissenters- gas them,  ISA them. Everything looks safe and quiet. Everything is dying under the surface. The occasional cough.

When you stop you start realizing that cigarettes made you squint.  Every time you took a drag- a grimace, it keeps the smoke out or something. Your vision changes. The world starts to look a little brighter and more colorful. Your field of vision expands wider. This can be overwhelming and hard to take in- which is part of what sent me back to smoking in some of my earlier quit attempts.

When you stop your digestive system gets a little confused, maybe excited. Burps and farts and unfamiliar bowel movements. You start to feel more relaxed and clear. You take deeper breaths.you start to smell and taste more. Your skin feels less abused.

Everybody kinda knows that stuff intellectually but it's really something else to experience it. You realize how subjective your experience of reality is. It's an entire different way of being.

(This is only 607 words. I had copied an earlier bit from an earlier post without realizing. But I know that previous vomits more than make up for the word count.)

Smoking: I had two cigarettes yesterday. I didn't enjoy them and my mouth is icky even now. It's not nearly as icky as it used to be following months of heavy smoking, but I'm a lot more sensitive to it now... like a cluttered table in an otherwise empty room,  comparee to a house packed to the brim with endless mess.

Syria: I saw a video on /r/morbidreality of a father carrying his little daughter in his arms. Her head was split wide open, in half. It was mortifying. I felt horribly sick. She was still slightly alive.

That said... I think it's difficult to have an informed opinion on Syria. I have no idea what's really going on there. I have no idea what the US' s real reasons are for wanting to get involved. Here's a train of thought: the North Korean government inflicts hell on its populace, too, but the US probably won't get involved there, because China. The US/West has done all sorts of horrible things over the past two centuries, so the "right makes might" rhetoric is really hollow. It's even kind of funny, in a dreary black humor Ha Ha People Die kind of way.

I don't want to take sides or patronize or claim any sort of authority or understanding. All I'm saying is that things are almost certainly not what they seem- what we see and hear is very removed from the truth,  to the extent where... I'm starting to be convinced that even having an opinion on such foreign affairs is almost entirely a waste of time unless you are personally invested somehow. If you don't have real skin in the game there is no sense talking about it: it might feel good but it doesn't help.

What I think might help a little is to point out that the Emperor is naked- more support and visibility for whistleblowers, more questions, more demands for transparency and evidence. None of us know what Obama knows, so it's really hard if not impossible to evaluate his decision-making. We might make the same decision in his shoes.

What we do have to do is to make it as difficult as possible for structures/institutions to exploit people's ignorance. I think we do that by acknowledging that reality is ridiculously complex, almost nobody has any real idea of what's going on... and we ask lots of questions.

That's assuming you want to do something about it directly. I hate that father's are carrying dying children in their arms, but I'm not sure if me arguing on the internet about it is the best use of my time.

The year is beginning to die. You can feel it, you can smell it. Another year full of promise that turned out to be simultaneously more and less than you'd have expected. I've learnt quite a bit this year, and made some pretty drastic changes in my life, and yet so many things are pretty much the same as they've always been.

That's the rub when trying to tell a story. There are tonnes of data points you can choose from. So there are many different narratives just waiting to be conjured up. And almost all of them are valid, defensible. At least internally. It boils down to what you want to hear. And who or what you're accountable to.

I have a lot to learn. I am still vague and blunt, as a writer, as a thinker and as a person. I don't like this, it makes me uncomfortable. I want to be more useful, precise. I'm not. I'm woefully incompetent and I have been for a very long time.

But conditional self-esteem is a bad thing. One shouldn't peg one's self worth to his accomplishments or capabilities. That quickly gets you judging other people as well, and then you get trapped in this endless competition of one-upmanship... and that might be an acceptable condition if it led to some sort of greatness, but it seems to me that greatness is a consequence of transcending perfectionism. Well- maybe not. Maybe that just sounds nice, and greatness is a consequence of a kind of pathological sickness that's socially acceptable as long as the warm and fuzzy police are okay with it. As long as you stick to the arbitrary rules and deliver on your promises.

Eh, why so negative. There's not much point discussing greatness anyway. It might be vaguely inspiring or something, but the important thing is to do the daily work. And that's ugly and unglamorous as heck.

So negative. I think it's because I haven't been shipping. I haven't been doing very much anything. My work rate was strangely diminished. Too much nonsense on my plate. It's my own fault- I start too many things and never finish them.

Here's something I have to get off my chest. Maybe I'm saying it just to feel better, but here goes: sometimes I don't give a fuck. In fact, I don't give a fuck. About anything other than myself. I am a selfish person.

I like to think that I'm consistent about this. Nobody owes me anything. Nobody is obliged to do anything for me.

I believe that people deserve their space. Nobody should ever feel obligated to do something that they wouldn't otherwise want to do. Exceptions might be in the case of, say, mandatory military conscription for the preservation of the city-state. I didn't enjoy NS, but I understood why it was necessary. I can make an exception for compulsory primary school education. In both cases I think the net social benefit exceeds the personal cost or discomfort. (That said I think there's a moral obligation for people in both education and defence to try to create more meaningful experiences for both NSFs and primary school kids, and to encourage them to learn and grow and develop themselves with as much autonomy, mastery and purpose as possible... within the constraints of those circumstances.

I'm probably going to change my mind about this very quickly. It feels like something I really can't have fixed opinions about. It changes with the weather. But I don't want to pretend to be altruistic if I'm not. I am who I am. I do what I can. Enough with the hopeless moralizing.

I'm convinced that good book summaries and quotes are important. It's startling to go through a good book and then find that it's almost crininally under-shared. It seems to me- and I don't want to be condescending about this,  but it's a little hard not to seem it- that most people don't do the reading. They just stay on top of current affairs and news that's passed through many different hands. It's the information dietary equivalent of eating nothing but processed food. Junk food. It starts to affect your health and you start feeling kind of sick- ay least I did, which is why I left Facebook and generally tried to keep a low profile.

How many people who talk about Lee Kuan Yew have actually read his memoirs? I think it's important that you do if you're serious about wanting to be constructively involved in 'serious discussion', or if you want to have a well-informed opinion.

I think it's a little messed up for me to go around having discussions about things I don't really know very much about, especially when information is so freely available.

Take the Great Paper Chase article me and the wife posted on sharankaurner.wordpress.com. It's spreading pretty quick now. I knew it was going to happen the moment I found the article. Here's why.

OB Markers is a book by a former Straits Times editor, who had close working relationships with people in power. He saw things others wouldn't or couldn't.

Yet because he's an editor, he's not "sexy". The general public doesn't immediately realize how valuable his perspectives might be. I bought the book at least partially on indirect recommendation from Bertha Hansen, whose writing and thinking I admire.

So I was reading OB markers and it's full of interesting and valuable quotes (which I will be sharing soon, in a blogpost). I'm pretty sure that very few of these quotes and insights, if ANY,  are in popular imagination. I bet the same applies to say,  SR Nathan's memoirs. Why?

A lot of people aren't interested in doing the reading. It takes a certain appetite and disposition to sit down with a thick bloody book that doesn't immediately promise to be interesting, valuable, exciting. All of that is the reader's responsibility more than it is the author's. (Speaking fron the perspective of someone who reads to investigate, learn, expose, reveal. Quality of writing makes a huge difference in absorption rates. Every writer should write as compellingly as possible. I break this rule myself because I'm writing with an express purpose, not for mainstream public consumption. I write for me. But the moment you write something that you want others to read...)

The people who DO read these books are a minority to begin with. Of those that do, many simply skim through it, reading the way a couch potato might watch television. Going through the motions, just enjoying the experience of reading words and turning pages. They might not really be present. They typically forget the details and nuances of whatever they've read. They might struggle to then talk about the book to others- all they can say is whether it's good or bad, to what degree.

Some of those that read... take it a little more seriously. They analyse. They question. They consider implications. They mskr comparisons. They clash ideas against one another. They come up with interesting perspectives that are somehow superior to what they had before.

But not all of these people share. In fact,  I'm horribly certain that most of them don't. I bet that some of the best minds thst make the best connections and associations are uninvolved in broader communities. I married one. Every single day my wife stuns me with her amazing questions... which she then keeps to herself.

So what seems trivial- writing book reviews/summaries- becomes a remarkable thing, because so few people actually do it. I mean, if people really read self-help books and followed the instructions, we'd have many more successful people around. Ohviously, most prople just skim through them and it's business as usual almost immediately afterwards. No lasting change. You need lots of focus for that. Careful attention. High volumes and lots of repetition.

I guess I feel pretty good. I walked away from Facebook because I felt like I had nothing meaningful to say, and I was being overwhelmed with overly processed noise. I needed silence and peace to clear my head. I felt a little uneasy but it seems pretty clear to me now that the answer is reading- reading that follows curiosity.

FATIGUE. I got tired of Adapt when it got to the really big issues like global warming and financial crises. I AM interested in those things- in fact I think I've always been interested in pretty much everything- but I experienced a sense of "this doesn't help me, this isn't what I need." I have more skin in the game now. I have a job and bills to pay, and those are my priorities. I need to get better at my job and avoid falling into the trap of just coasting along. To do that I need to develop self-mastery and discipline, and engineer my environments such that they help or force me to learn whatever it is that I need to learn so that I can then get myself into a position to be able to do anything about financial crises.

Why care about such big ideas, anyway? I used to love them- theories of large complex systems had me enthralled. They're just beautiful to contemplate. They gave me a glimpse of a wondrous world, they helped me see just how fabulous reality is. How rich, how marvelous.

But I think there's a saturation point to that. There are diminishing returns to awe and splendour if they don't influence action. I have to build and participate in the world, not simply observe it or conceive of it. I don't simply want to watch the NBA all day while sitting in my couch. The fat and unfit sports commentator is a grotesque mental picture. Once you've seen enough of the game to realize that it's a beautiful game, the natural progression should be to play it. Watch and learn, yes, but also do and learn. A well-lived life with lots of exercise is much better than a sedentary life with lots of ESPN. It's possible that the fat slob watching ESPN understands basketball better than the kid playing it with his friends after school... and yet-- no, right?

Understanding is not knowledge. You can know how to do something better than somebody who understands it. Practically speaking.

I mean, practical knowledge is all that matters in practical living. At least that's what I've come to believe in. One should know how to make good decisions. Knowing how to manage one's time effectively is far more useful than knowing how financial crises happen. Besides, if you're really good at managing your time, you'll them be able to find time to read up avoid financial crises. If you CAN'T manage your time, however, then no amount of knowledge about financial crisis will save you.

This is a huge problem. I never learnt discipline, focus, time-management. While I now intellectually acknowledge them as important and valuable, a part of me resents the world for not having taught or given it to me. This is irrational of course, and it's obvious when I'm in a reflective state of mind. But it's not always so obvious.

Resentment: what the fuck was I learning in school when I didn't know how to focus? Isn't the ability to focus pretty much the most important skill in life, from which all other skills are built? Steve Vai said that success at guitar or anything else was about focus. How do you get fit? Focus. Focus and change your environment. It's really the most important game of all. Focus focus focus.

I had an app called write or die that would force me to focus on writing- in terms of sheer volume- because it had a ticking meter that would go down. Clearly I need more ticking meters in my life. I don't pay attention to the passage of time. I don't value time. That seems to be the pressing problem. That's partially why writing in notebooks was so effective- I was a log more conscious then of the passage of time. But my smartphone is always with me, so I should use this. How do I combined the powerful effect of pen and paper with the convenience of my smartphone to ensure that I appreciate and manage my time? How do I learn to focus? Tactics are almost irrelevant.

So that's the grand game then. The only game worth playing. Learning how to focus. I need to track moments. Rather than having deadlines looming- which is depressing and a constant reminder of my incompetence and failure- I need something to build. Don't break the chain is too trivial.

Feel the urge to tidy up, to have a landing page. But life is messy! It'll never be possible to tidy up years of mess! Well- what if I simply delete the non-essential? I believe that I've downloaded a backup of my blogs.

There's a constant fear of losing what I've got. But why not lose it, really? How much is essential? How much can I afford to simply carve away? Most of it, surely! If I were forced to start from scratch I probably could. So why not do that? It feels a little dramatic and a little traumatic. Surely such extreme measures are not necessary! But what if these are simply ways for me to cling on to my self worth?

The future is a source of escapism from the present. Romanticized. Avoid doing what needs to be done just paint rosy picture. I've wanted to do a summary of everything Elon Musk has said but that's a bit of a daunting project and not at all a priority. It strikes me as something that doesn't get done- by me or anybody else, to a standard that I believe would actually be worth reading- because it requires a time commitment that doesn't make sense. The process of assimilating Elon's thoughts in a way that is genuinely useful will peehaps direct a person to action rather than contemplation. You'd be too busy building something that matters.

I have too much nonsense on my plate and I spend too much stuff rearranging everything instead of taking the bites that I need to take. Okay so if I'm going to take a bite of anything, what should I bite? I need to figure out how to activate my credits. So let's try doing that now.

Busy. Do it when I get home. Why do I want to write the things I want to write? Because I want to be perceived as smart, witty, intelligent. That's the main thing. Secondly I want to help make a difference. More often than not the stuff I want to say has already been said, and it's easier to simply point to What's been said than it is to start from scratch. Up till now I've convinced myself that the pursuit of articulating something is a worthy end in itself- you develop your mind. While this remains true, I think it makes a lot more sense to focus on creating value for my employers and colleagues, who're actually paying me and counting on my help. I owe them my fullest attention.

I have too many to-do lists and apps and whatnot. I convince myself that sorting stuff out will make it easier for me to act. But really all I need is to draw out a urgent/important matrix and just follow that. I have been doing non-urgent and unimportant things because it's easier. I've been optimizing for short term comfort instead of long term sustainability. Story of my life. I'm only writing this now because there aren't very many better things I can do with my commute. Otherwise I shouldn't spend any time on it. I shouldn't be on Quora, it's not worth my time at the moment. It feels good sure, but not as good as crushing it at work. Which is what I ought to be doing, which is where I ought to be getting my personal fulfillment from. When I get home I'm going to sit my wife down and explain my situation to her so I can get her input and advice.

Decluttering needs to be done. Focus.

Cigarettes are horrible. You don't realize it when you're a smoker but they really fuck you up. It gets in the skin of your face. It burns your lips. It chars your throat. It coagulates your mucus and makes it dank and gooey, viscous. You start to get body aches. You subconsciously squint a lot to keep the smoke out of your eyes, and it stains them. Your teeth get stained yellow. You get calculus deposits. Your entire nervous system gets duller. You don't really feel the wind on your skin anymore. You forget how food smells, tastes. Your skin gets dry. It cracks. You get ulcers and sores in your mouth. You forget the pleasure of your partner's scent as she sits next to you. You forget the pleasure of a deep breath of fresh air.

When you stop smoking your mouth feels likr it's moulting- shedding a layer of toxic death to reveal one that's fresh, alive.

Your field of vision expands and everything looks more colorful. This can be a little overwhelming at first and it might make you feel like smoking again for the comfort of focus. It seems like you can't focus on anything. It's normal. Your brain's finally getting some oxygen. Everything starts to look brighter and more colorful. It looks like a different world. My guess is that this has to do with nicotine being a depressant- it makes everything dull.

Nicotine is a psychoactive chemical.

So tired. I was talking about how I think that there are similarities between social media addiction, cigarette addiction and procrastination.

Procrastination is the general state. I imagine this state can be explored in many ways- playing games, online shopping, scrolling through tumblr/reddit/9gag. The details here are irrelevant. The point is that we have some things that we intellectually know or believe that we ought to do, but we avoid doing them and do other things instead. To some degree it helps to eliminate the distractions- you can't smoke cigarettes you don't have.  That said, no amount of not-smoking will take you on a run and put healthy food down your throat. (Smoking is a bit of a unique and possibly tedious example because it's literally damaging to your health...)

Let's use homework and Tumblr.  No amount of not-tumblring will get your homework done. Assuming you want to do well in school, it makes more sense to spend your resources optimizing for homework done rather than tumblr-not-scrolled.

Two thoughts- what is it that makes procrastination more alluring than the work of responsibilities, and can we somehow reverse that? Homework is generally lame, and I'm willing to write it off as incurably painful/boring... but I also procrastinate when it comes to things like writing or practicing guitar. Why do I do that? Things like not getting up, not going for a run...

What's the reason? If we did absolutely nothing, there's no complication- tiredness or inertia explains it. Can't do anything. But why are we able to surf tumblr instead of work?

we don't have much free will if any
stop insisting you're in control
modify your context/environment
pursue what is interesting

Yeah, it's a slight play on Noam Chomsky's manufactured consent. There's no deeper reason for this though, I just liked the idea of using a phrase that evokes another idea. Let's explore to see if there's any additional value in the proximity of the two phrases.

Here's my understanding of manufactured consent: it's a subtle form of manipulation. Inception (the movie) demonstrated how it works- you plant an idea in somebody's head in a subtle, insidious way. The target must be thoroughly convinced that she came up with the idea herself. This is done most visibly through the media- we all should know by now how advertising convinces people that they're ugly, imperfect, in need of improvement, blah blah. The advertiser's defense is that the advertising only works because the ads remind people of real prejudice they encounter in real life- they're just providing solutions to problems that people already have. They aren't creating the problems, just drawing attention to them.

Thing is, people don't have nearly as much free will as we like to pretend we do. We're very susceptible to suggestion, peer pressure. Personally, this is where I am in life right now- so forgive me for shallowly assuming thst everybody else is in similar circumstances. (This is going to be a common refrain... I should just speak for myself and leave it at that.)

I realize that I have been held back by my stubborn insistence that I am in control. That I choose my actions, my path. I realize now that this is arrogant, naive, and worst of all, false. I can't speak for humanity but it is clear to me that I am hugely affected by context, by environment. It would be easy for me to pretend that I've quit smoking because I'm somehow a better person, because I somehow decided that this is what I'm going to do. But this is rather false. The main reason I've stopped smoking- or the catalyst, really, is that my colleagues don't smoke- and I admire my colleagues. To be blunt about it, I desire their approval. Here's a simple counter-example that will shatter any bullshit I might construct: if my boss picked up smoking tomorrow, all my rationalization would go out of the window. I'd come up with new reasons to explain why it's great that we're smoking- more conversations, more ideas, etc.

So clearly context is hugely significant here. It affects my actions and/or decision-making, and the rationalization happens largely after-the-fact. Up till now I've spent far too much time analysing rationalizations when really I ought to have been studying and playing around with contexts.

(Strange segue: I was writing the word vomit so far on my smartphone because the wife was using the laptop, which now has a shiny new 23-inch monitor buddy. When she stopped, I thought maybe I'd be more productive at the desk. I can type faster, surely? But I got quickly distracted by twitter and reddit, and got no writing done. I'm writing this on my phone again. Here's an interesting example of context: I seem to be more inclined to do vomits on my smartphone then on ny computer. Why is this? It doesn't intuitively make sense to me. I come up with after-the-fact rationalizations. )

Discussions about education are rather depressing to have. There's a real shortage of talented teachers. Education systems were built primarily for indoctrination and childcare. They were built in the spirit and image of the industrial revolution. Seth Godin asks us, what is school for? To tech obedience, compliance. For assessment. To impose order on illegible chaos.

Literacy is a human right. Everybody should be literate. But education is about lighting fires, not filling cups. Cramming is such a strange concept if you think about it. Why do you need to learn this much material in this much time? To prepare you for a future where you do more of the same.

Education should begin with the raw, wrenching facts, maybe. How big is a country? How big is the earth? How big is the sun? The moon? Solar system? Galaxy, universe? What was slavery? People used to own other people. Human trafficking is still a thing. What is rape? What are drugs and why do people use them? What is pleasure? How should life be lived? How can life be lived? Why go to school? What is money? What is wealth? What is poverty? What is inequality? What is institutionalized racism? What is addiction? Why does it happen? What do people hurt each other? What does it mean to make a living? What is friendship? What is love? What is marriage? Why does it exist? Why is it necessary? Why is it so hard to get rid of obsolete things? Why are distractions so compelling? Is life about chasing highs? What is optimal? Why do grand gestures feel so good? Why is it so compelling to live in the now? Should that be subverted? Why? How? How interesting can life get? What can one do to systematically exit the comfort zone?

Commit to flow. Commit to done. Life should be interesting. The same old conversation over and over again is not interesting. I want to have more interesting experiences. What's the most interesting thing I could do right now? A cigarette is not interesting. A beer is not interesting. Even harder drugs are not interesting. Shower is necessary. Sleep is necessary. But neither is interesting. Even Facebook is not interesting. Twitter and tumblr are not interesting. Sex is not interesting. Masturbation is not interesting. Meditation is reasonably interesting.

Here's what's interesting- playing Beatle songs now that I have a better understanding of m7/min7/maj7 chords. Something in the way she moves. Writing a counterpoint to shuli's post will be interesting.

Work will get really interesting once I get past my plateau and get to start playing with new things.

Oh man, 20 odd words left. I guess I'll use this space to explain what I'm doing- I have a whole bunch of drafts in my Evernote- moments where I started writing and then didn't cross the 1,000 mark. I contemplated deleting them all, but that kinda hurt- because I know I'm going to be summarizing them later, and what if there's good stuff to summarize? So I'm conjoining multiple draft into single vomits. I think it's still in line with my final end goal of having 1,000,000 words of reflection, introspection, thinking.

I logged into Facebook on a whim- I try to keep off it these days. I saw that Nassim Taleb was in Singapore. What are the odds of that? He elbowed me in the stomach accidentally when we were taking a group photo. I've met Lee Hsien Loong. Been tweeted by Margaret Atwood, Jimmy Wales. I've met and taken pictures witb Stu Hamm and Billy Sheehan. I make it a point to always try to ask a good question.

Yesterday I revisited the idea that life shoupd be interesting. I spent that night playing guitar. I'd like to be able to play with sounds better. Above all I think I'd like to play with words. This is why I'm doing the 1000x1000 words project. Completing it will be interesting. I had a nice burst in the 60s or 70s but I've slowed down since. I'm not really happy about that. Life is excruciatingly short. I shouldn't be missing my daily grind towards my goal. The grind IS the goal. The whole point is that a regular commitment to reading and/or writing will alter your mind, probably permanently. That's the person I want to become. I want to be better than I've ever been.

I look back at my writing from earlier this year and I see a noticable difference. I've changed already. Is volume the differentiator, or is it something else? Probably both volume and experience.

But this doesn't feel like a very interesting question to explore. You do the work, you reap the dividends, you refine your process along the way.

What is interesting? I'll have to split this into work and pleasure. Well- do I? There are some things I can't shake. Problems of procrastination, discourse... These are things I'd like to help work on. I'm not bring very clear. There's a very noisy lady on the train (on the phone) and I'm struggling to tune her out.

I've come to feel more strongly about phrasing. I feel a need to hack away at bad phrasing.

Consider that last sentence. "I feel a need to heck away at bad phrasing." The sentence that came out of me was actually "I feel a need to hack away at what I believe to be bad phrasing." That's a sentence that's easily understood when spoken, because a speaker can use gestures and emphasis to guide his audience. "I feel a need to hack away at what I believe is bad phrasing." ("is" is better usage then "to be". It's simpler and effectively means the same thing. There's less chance of confusing your audience.)

[I meant to say "confusing or losing your audience". It's a minor but valid distinction. You can confuse an audience without losing them. I feel a need to cover all the bases. But this additional clarity comes at the expense of overall readability. I systematically sacrifice the general for the particular. Sometimes this is exactly what you want to achieve: sometimes precision is the most necessary thing in communicating something. But this isn't the case with my writing. My overelaboration is a habitual tic, not a stylistic choice. I don't recite poetry to swordsmen because I have some elaborate objective- I do it because I lack swordsmanship.

So this is what's on my mind that I'd like to make deliberate. I'd like to write with fewer weasel words. In the long term, I hope I think with fewer weasel words too.

Life is short. At 23 I already have regrets. Not practicing harder. Not working harder. Wasting too much time on selfish things like winning arguments. I've developed some useful skills from arguing, but not so much from general idleness. I don't think so. I wish I had been in more relationships. I wish I had invested more permanent skills.

I hopefully have at least another 10 years to live. That's how I'd like to look at it. Longer pictures and I start romanticizing at the expense of actions.

Okay so I have ten years to live. I have to go to New York. (I should explore this train of thought, which had ended abruptly here, alas.)

This is going to be a task management type vomit so it might be pretty boring.

Why did I just think that? It's a premptive apology. To who? The reader? Nobody's meant to read this, this is for me. Am I apologizing to myself? I'm trying to reduce my own expectations? No, I'm definitely writing for others- but this is a self-selected audience of less than a hundred people, so why am I apologizing? If you don't like it here, stranger, you're welcome to leave. In fact I encourage it. If you're here, you're already wasting your time on something incomplete, unvarnished... potentially just noise.

It's the equivalent of a standup comedian or a band in a nearly empty club apologizing for his unprofessional performance. Why apologize? Why not give it your best shot?

Maybe the apology isn't for the lack of quality. The lack of quality is apparent to everyone. The apology is for the lack of effort. And that's apparent only to the performer. (It might be inferred by the audience, but only the performer can be certain.)

So I'm not sorry that this is a pain in the ass to read. It is what it is. Take ir or leave it.

Okay, about task management, which I suck at. I'm writing about it because writing is a thinking tool for me.

One of the cool things about the work I do is that I don't have an overly rigid set of tasks. You could say that one of my most pressing tasks is to think of better tasks to do. That said,  it's easy to fall into the trap of thinking instead of doing. Thinking as an excuse to avoid doing the dirty schlep work than inevitably needs to be done.

So I think it makes sense to schedule certain amounts of schlep work at regular intervals- things like responding to emails, for instance. It doesn't make sense to think about whether or not I should be replying to emails right now. I should have a fixed period of time during which I answer emails and then leave it at that. Not having such structure is tiresome. It wastes precious cognitive resources day in and day out. I've noticed that having a fitness routine has made me fitter, happier and more productive, and I have since accepted that my life is better with fitness routines. Now I want to expand and extend that into other routines.

This is already working out for me. I have developed a routine of doing word vomits during my morning and evening commutes. The result is that I end up writing about 2000 words a day without having to dedicate cognitive resources to figuring out whether I should or not. My beeminder is noe a prompter that tells me I should practice guitar, read books, meditate. Maybe I should schedule all of those things,  too. The point is that removing the "should I or should I not" and replacing it with a "yes, unless..." or "no, unless..." is a much superior way of doing things.

Why didn't I learn this when I was a kid? It seemed silly and trivial, and also it was stuff that I wasn't actually very interested in. But I was throwing the baby out with the bathwater- by refusing to learn how to serve the agendas of others, I failed to learn to serve my own.

I didn't respect anybody, and I refused to follow orders from anybody I didn't respect. Well turns out I don't really respect my conscious decision-making self either- so I don't follow my own orders. I think the hack lies in questioning the obedience given to the subconscious- why is HE deserving of such unquestioning obedience? If you're going to disobey undeserved authority, nobody should be immune.

So anyway... I need to chunk tasks together. It's a little depressing that the most productive parts of my day seem to be my daily word vomits. I need to do something vomit-esque with my work. But what? I need to contain things into explosive bursts. Maybe I should start a pomodoro the moment I get into the office.

I tried eating some sushi after work before coming home. I feel a little clearer and less wasted.

At a first-order level, this ia obviously wrong to some degree- otherwise there would be no need for new self-help books to be published. The canonical self-help book would be out, everybody would read it, everybody would be wise and make great decisions henceforth- everyone with great careers and relationships and bodies. Even if just about 30% of people got this, the resultant peer pressure would eventually change the whole world.

I might be wrong in the projections there but I think we can say with some certainty that our general ideas (and subsequently our behaviour, if inspired by them) aren't anywhere close to what works best. We always prefer the best story, sometimes at the expense of the truth. I thought this was well contained in the juxtaposition between a superman comic about a jumper and an smbc comic about superman as a transitional power source... I'm getting ahead of myself here. I shoulf have written that separately when I had the time.

There's something about the smartphone that makes it a lot more receptive to vomits than time actually spent at the keyboard. I think it's because it's that much harder to open a new tab and start surfing the net for "research". Clearly I'd boost my work productivity if I stop multi-tasking. I have to experiment with this. I have to acknowledge this as truth and bind myself to it. Maybe I need to further bite-size work into pomodoro chunks of deep-distraction-free-writing. It absolutely doesn't make sense that I get more writing done in my commutes than at work. So I need to change something. Maybe I should incorporate write or die into my work. That worked for me for a while when doing my vomits.

Feeling a little anxious and overwhelmed with more information coming through me than I have the ability to transcribe. It always makes me slightly nauseous. I remember getting this when reading a book by EDGE- it might've been "what is your dangerous idea", or "what do you know but cannot prove"...

I will get disjointed and unhinged for the remainder of this, I think it's the only way.

Clearly monotasking is the only way forward. I knew this to varying degrees in the past but have always repressed it, just add I have repressed meditation and structured guitar practice and god knows what else. Why? Because it's uncomfortable? Inconvenient? That's silly! It's always silly when you hold these inner workings to the light of scrutiny- irrational, clumsy, clunky, childlike, immature. It's embarrassing to reveal it initially, but then it becomes a huge relief... but if you let yourself get carried away by the relief, relapse is imminent. It takes several relapses to learn.

I've quit smoking many times. Sometimes several times in a day, as the joke goes. But this is I think the first time I really truly feel my heart bursting with anger and frustration and resentment to what cigarettes did to my body and my life. Ah but wait- that's not an entirely new feeling. It has crossed some invisible, unknowable threshold, but the feeling has been building and growing for a long time. It's like that native american story about the battle of the wolves inside you- the one that wins is the one you feed. And you have to feed it and nurture it for a very long period of time, enough so that it can cross the Dip. The Dip is long and dark and treacherous. As an explorer you have to be willing to lose sight of the shore.

Not very articulate today. Feeling this strange undercurrents of emotion. It's like being overwhelmed beneath the surface, so not really overwhelmed. Is there a term for this?

The world is so much brighter and richer off cigarettes. I will seek pleasure from completing work and sticking to my word instead.

I have often been interested in body modification. I haven't actually done it much myself. I once bleached my black hair brown, and I have a ear piercing with nothing in it. I tweeze stray unibrow hairs, but I don't bothee styling them. I sometimes fantasize about getting an outlandish hairdo, like a big mohawk, but it seems more trouble than it's worth. It's more of something I'd like to have had done- something I have a cool photo of- rather than something I want to maintain and live with.

Yeah, we're inevitably entering identity-construction and performance territory again.

Anyway what triggered this was me seeing an smrt staff lady with a made up face and an eyebrow piercing. I thought she looked kinda cool. As cool as you can look working for smrt, at least. And this got me thinking about self-image. (Contrast: Paul Graham does not give a damn about how he looks. Have you seen him in his shorts and slippers? Oe maybe he wants to communicate that he doesn't give a damn. I'm guessing it's more of a comfort thing though.)

When I was in secondary school we used to care a lot about the shoes we wore, and our hairstyles and our schoolbags. Maybe not THAT much- I'm probably exaggerating this on hindsight. But several of us would face disciplining for our attempts to make fashion statements, to accessorize with fancy shoes and hair. Many of us spent a lot of time waxing and styling our hair. There was a lot of debate and argument about acceptable footwear, acceptable sock length, what you can or cannot wear around your wrists, neck. I had a white belt I proudly wore in secondary school, and a studded belt I wore in JC. I'd hide them under the fold of my shirt. I liked the belt partially because it was easy and comfortable to wear, but it was also a sort of cosmetic defiance of authority. I thought rules against belts and shoes were silly and I enjoyed finding ways to subvert them. We'd wear colourful boxers and slogan tshirts under our shirts.

On hindsight, the best way to look good is to work out, eat healthy, take care of your skin and get your school uniform tailored to fit you nicely.

A bunch of malay guys liked to taper their pants, wear ostentious caps... it was all very interesting, this preening. I knew a tamil guy with massive Elvis Presley sideburns. He made it work for him. Racial harmony day was always an opportunity to do something subversive. A guy dressed in a sari. Another as an arab, knowing that others would make the "terrorist" connection. Very smart, actually.

But the best thing you could do I think was to be a star soccer player or athlete, or a great musician. Those were the guys with a quiet aura of confidence. (Alternatively, be good-looking and popular with girls. Having a girlfriend that others found attractive is/was a huge source of social capital.)

I think it's interesting how badly some kids want to assert their individuality. I was one of them. I would have liked to have better observed, studied and understood others who weren't like me. What motivated them? Why were they so comfortable falling in line? Was it a bargain/choice, or did they just not see any alternatives? Was I different intrinsically, or was it just what I was exposed to? I don't think I'll ever get a simple or clear answer to that one. People are different.

What's interesting is how schools suppress this identity-creation/performance/projection. The cynical answer- which I will always be eager to present- is that schools exist to standardize kids. To pigeonhole them, assess them, sort them out. They need to turn them into interchangeable cogs with minimal autonomy.

I decided that I was going to summarize and "process" my first hundred vomits before moving forward. I found myself repeating a few thoughts and ideas, and I figured that I ought to consolidate things. There's also a sort of accumulated fatigue thing going on- a part of me is tired and wants some sort of change.

I naively hoped to summarize 100 vomits in a single post. Turns out 10 vomits pee posr is more like it. This is me systematically overestimating myself. In this case I understimate what I've done so far, and overestimate what I'm going to be able to do in the immediate future. I suppose this is consistent with the "overestimate changes in next 2 years, underestimate changes in 10" idea. We're just bad at approximations like these... unless we practice.

I keep thinking that there's some sort of holy grail- if I just rearrange things in some special configuration, I'll snap out of the slump I don't even realize that I'm in- and I'll start churning stuff out like a beast. This might be doable but it cannot be at the expense of a minimum work threshold. In fact,  it's starting to be clear that the minimum work threshold is where the real magic happens. So I just need to do more of that.  The exercise is feeling good and I can see changes in my body- I just need to adapt that to my work.

I do not want to be talking about this at word vomit 200. Things have to change so that they can get more interesting. I want things to be more interesting. I have to take steps to make things more interesting. I have to ration my time better. The beeminder stuff is working well for me.

I think it's time for me to go on a "second level social media detox". Tumblr seems to be my biggest weakness at the moment. The pictured are too pretty. Sometimes I read stuff that's touching, compelling. But I have work I want to do and I have books I want to read. I can't do these things until I finish those things.  Have I even finished OB Markers yet? I don't think so. I should get on that. I have too many unfinished pieces lying around and I should quickly and systematically finish them, merge them or discard them. Why have I been taking so long? Addiction to distraction.

Getting off cigarettes and Facebook have been great, and revealing. But I'm going to need new things to talk about soon, or I'll be repeating myself, and repeating myself is boring. When you catch yourself repeating yourself over and over again, I think it's a sign that it's time to challenge yourself with something. Step outside the comfort zone and do something different, look at something in a new way. That's where the magic happens and that's where life gets interesting.

For me the challenge I think is to get my work done at a rate that is systematically ahead of deadline so that I can explore new and interesting things. This means writing. This means publishing. This means growth. I've been catching myself falling into old "discomfort minimizing" habits rather than "work maximizing" ones. I wonder if it'll help to introduce cycles. I should probably steepen my requirements on beeminder so that it becomes more of a challenge.

I feel like I got a lot out of the summary of my vomits. Revisiting words that are from over 90,000 words ago allows me to approach them in a more neutral, impartial manner. The raw magnitude makes me more detached- in a good way. I don't get too overwhelmed or desensitized- rather, I find myself able to be more attuned to what actually works. I liken it to reviewing your practice takes. That's an element of deliberate practice, which is an order of magnitide more powerful than meandering practice. In chess players, intense study was a greater determinant of technical ability than anything else- even actual tournament gameplay time. Of course, these are people who play a lot to begin with. Way more than anybody else, way more than casual players.

This reminds me of a thought I had earlier, about refining the heuristics surrounding the 10,000 hour rule. There's not much point analysing art if you don't know how to wield a paintbrush (assuming you want to be a painter). That technical proficiency is a necessary prerequisite to mastery.

I know that I want more out of life and I know that I can do it. I have it in me. More accurately,  there's no me. Things are possible within a spectrum of possibility and I can visualize superior maxima points in terms of resource allocation. Should I sit down and write that out? Maybe I'll do that but I don't think I'll do it within the context of this vomit. I think I'll do it with pen and paper. Going to go home, do my pushups and squats, eat my dinner, get a quick bit of work done and then I... will meditate and figure it out from there. Maybe I'll read. Or plan my work and get started somehow. Or just relax with the wife.

Been feeling an urge to compartmentalize and refactor my life again- to take stock of everything and lay it out neatly. First principles.

It starts with the bag of chemicals that I call me. Mind (in the most mechanical, hardware sense) and body. Physical processes. Optimizing this starts with sleeping well, staying hydrated, exercising,  eating healthy. I messed this up throughout my teenage years- I was constantly sleep deprived, staying up online for no good reason. I didn't exercise.(On hindsight, one of the best pick-me-ups when feeling down is a brisk walk outdoors. Humans just aren't meant to be cooped up. )

The best things I've been doing here have been to quit smoking, sleep better and eat more healthily. I've also incorporated a daily exercise routine into my life which makes me feel fresher, stronger, more confident. I think I'm reaching a stage where I should start pushing myself harder on the exercise front.

Quitting cigarettes has been great. I still end up bumming cigarettes from close smoker friends if and when I see them (roughly about once every two weeks or so), so I'm technically still a smoker, I guess,  but I spend weeks being "clean"- and it's a different existence altogether- cleaner, brighter, fresher. I smell better. Everything tastes better. The coughs and sniffles are gone. My nose and mouth feel "organic", like fresh juicy vegetables rather than the dead,  acrid ashtray they had become. I might still smoke a cigarette every so often but I feel very "done" with being a smoker- with having the constant companionship of cigarettes in my pocket. It's a crutch, like a smartphone. It's something to occupy yourself with, something that gets you off. Surely everybody understands what that's like. Anybody who uses social media on the phone and has a coffee habit already kinda knows what it's like to be a smoker.

Anyway. What comes after taking care of the meatbag? There are a bunch of things. Curiosity. My marriage. My job. My blog. Guitar. Reading.

I think of these things the two critical things are my marriage and my job- and this is maybe where I can do some refactoring because there are less important things that clamor for my attention. Tumblr, for instance,  which I will put in the "creation-of-identity-through-cheap-performance" category. Facebook, Tumblr, Quora... all "general" social media use falls into this category. Getting into arguments on Reddit or Hacker News falls into this category. We do it to feel good about ourselves. I call it cheap because it's easy to do- easily replicable. It's like responding to email. It's the very opposite of deep focused work. It's like paddling and fooling around at the surface of the pool of idea/knowledge/brainspace instead of diving to the depths, where the treasures are.

I think getting off Facebook was good for me when I did it last and it might be time for me to take another sabbatical-from-everything,  more intensely. What does my tumblr really mean to me, really? I don't know. It's interesting but it really ought to be a treat, like alcohol or candy. I don't know.

Meditation is important and I need to do it more. The last time I did it, it compelled me to pick up a specific book. What will it compel me to do this time? It allows the dust to settle. Maybe I should keep a log of post meditation insights. Or maybe I should meditate before leaving work, and before leaving home, so that my vomits are less noisy. Let's try that now, Brb.

Alright this is the first word vomit I'm doing in quite a while. How long has it been? Feels like 2 or 3 weeks. I can't check right now. I paused for a while to do summaries of my first 100 vomits- 10 vomits per summary, and I did 6 or 7 of those. Why the summaries? Well... I knew that I wanted to be able to get a quick glimpse or grasp of all 1000 vomits at the end, and reading through all of them from 0001 to 1000 sounds rather tedious, tiresome.

There's an added side-benefit- when you do 100 vomits of 1000 words each, you're going to forget what you had written in the earlier vomits. I kinda did, at least. Doing reviews and summaries allowed me to revisit my older thoughts and get a sense of the emerging bigger picture. Most importantly, they'll keep me from repeating myself too much- I can congeal my earlier thoughts, revisit them if necessary... but I get ahead of myself.

I've been doing more reading, too. All of Paul Graham's essays. I found this guy called Tom Albrighton- a freelance copywriter with a background in literature. Wonderful thinker, lucid mind. I've been reading a bit of Marc Andreessen's old blog too- you actually gotta use the internet wayback machine to access that. I've been reading some Ribbonfarm, which I think has given me an appreciation for Big Infrastructure, Big Corporate, etc as ideas and concepts deserving of attention, study and reverence at the scale of nations and empires. The Gervais Principle has been something I've allowed to bounce around my head, but I'm starting to alrrady find it a little limiting. Not sure if it's because I'm just misunderstanding it. But no matter, really. It has been useful to me. I might read some of the source material.

I also curated @hellofrmSG for a week. I volunteered to do it over a month or two ago because I was frustrated with one of the curators at the time and was convinced that I could do better. So that was what I spent my morning and evening commutes doing instead of writing. It was somewhat interesting. I think I learnt to be a bit more precise in my claims. Made a few new acquaintances, identified a few new people I want to follow on Twitter. But I think I'm going to be laying low on Twitter for a while. Interestingly I don't quite have the same energy for social media that I used to.

Which brings me to cigarettes. I have been on a path away cigarettes ever since I started work, but I had relapsed a few times- then I was smoking only before and after work, then I was buying a pack maybe on the weekends, then I stopped buying packs altogether- and I had this really nice run of almost 2 months I think where I was 99% off cigarettes- bummed one from a friend at poker, 2 or 3 from a friend at a party of sorts- and kinda regretted it both times. My body started getting quite used to being smoke-free, and it felt good. Breathing deeply, seeing brightly, skin supple not dry, mouth clean and fresh.

Then 2 days ago I bought a pack- I really just wanted one cigarette- and I knew I shouldn't smoke but I felt like doing something naughty anyway- but I hate bumming from people I don't know. So I bought a pack.

It was a slog! I didn't really enjoy it anymore. I finished it anyway, because I'm silly like that, but I don't plan on buying another. I don't even feel like I might want to. I'm too conscious now of the damage that cigarettes do to my teeth, nose, lips, gums. I stepped outside my bedroom to go to the toilet and my living room just stank of stale smoke, it was horrible. I hate it. I'm aware now of the clear distinction between a smoker's life and a non-smoker's, and the former is really nothing to aspire or look forward to. A smoke-free life is brighter, clearer, fresher, calmer, smoother (once you get past the initial shocks).

Now here's what really gets me about all this- very little of any of this has to do with conscious choice. There was no magical point where I decided to stop and stop forever. It feels more like a renewing loop, where I sorta test this idea and it works, and then I do the opposite and it fails, then I try it again... turns out I'm actually quite a slow learner in some respects.

I'm so fixated on this partially because of my health, but also because I think there are clear correlations in habit formation and cessation... by which I mean to say every person is obviously unique and different in terms of how we're wired, but our unique wiring seems to be somewhat internally consistent... no I don't need to make such an unnecessary claim. All I'm saying is- I've made progress in quitting Facebook and quitting cigarettes. In both cases I relapsed several times, but the overall graph of my usage over time has been diminishing and that counts for something. The question is how do I apply this to other parts of my life?

If I can become a smoker, and I can become a Facebook addict, then I can also become a hyper-productive person, I can also be fit, I can also learn to be less socially abrasive. The challenge is to slog through it. I don't know the details of the struggle, or the nature of it. But I am progressively, increasingly confident that I CAN be more than this (used to think I couldn't), and they I WANT to be (used to be convinced that it "wasn't the life for me"). So I believe I can, and I believe I want to. I need to next figure out how. I think that'll involve environmental, situational changes and careful, regular evaluation of my mental state. I started to see that cigarettes were screwing up my health (I'm coughing and sniffling as I write this, ugh), that facebook made me petty and jealous, and both of them made me edgy and anxious.

I won't change overnight, and there will be relapses, but I'm sticking to this. Ok I'm at work.

Life should be exciting.

It won't be easy. Sometimes even waking up is hard to do. But life should be exciting. There's just so much going on, so much to do, so much to partake in, participate in. There will inevitably be boring, tiresome and schleppy work. But life should be exciting.

The first challenge is to see it. I saw it in primary school (in a primitive sense), which was why I taught myself HTML. Games are exciting, which is why I played them. They present surmountable challenges with a compelling narrative and payoff. But video games are often (so far, at least) limited. They can help you see things differently and open your mind to new possibilities and perspectives (and that alone is worth playing for), but that's still one step remove from you actively sucking the marrow out of life. From making an active, lasting contribution to yourself and the world around you. To be in Flow in everyday life, and not just in a partitioned activity.

Books and games help with the seeing. Travelling does, too. Writing three. Makes sense to identify what works for you and to schedule it regularly. I have "seen the light" on multiple occasions- it's absolutely beautiful and everybody else should see it too. But it is never quite enough. It decays over time, over life. Here we reach our first dilemma.

Don't see -> encounter input/clash idea (through randomness, or on schedule) -> See -> Do

The "see" bit decays over time. Everyday living clouds it. Inner appetites cloud it. Advertising clouds it. The expectations of others cloud it. For me, school clouded it. An interesting parlor game question to explore is- what would life be like if school were not a concern? If grades absolutely didn't matter, and all that mattered were learning and pleasure. Explore the idea of a school-free existence.

Explore school-free life idea, or assume school is an inevitable reality to be dealt with? Both will yield interesting perspectives, but I have to pick one as I write this. What would life be like if school were not an option?

"Life has a dehumanizing effect", said a friend of mine when I joked that clubbing was dehumanizing. I laughed at it then and chided her for being cynical, but she's right. There's a certain... "entropy" that happens in day-to-day life. It wears you out. Almost everything about the world around you is designed to wear you out, to cloud your inner vision so that you act in accordance with what is desired by others.

What does it mean to be "human"? For the purpose of this exploration, we don't need to get overly philosophical or abstract or absolute- I'll just define it in contrast to its opposite in this context. To be dehumanized in this context is to lose your personal autonomy, to become a machine, an automaton following the instructions of others. So to be human (in this context) is to be free to choose, free to act, free to explore and follow your bliss.

Preliminary objections arise- aren't there people who live and work like automatons, yet are happy? I used to reject this idea altogether. I refused to even consider it, because considering it made me uncomfortable. I was happy to hold on to my cherished belief that you're either some sort of rogue/renegade/delinquent at odds with the system, or you're a mindless cog- you just don't realize it yet. But careful examination (for me- for others this might be self-evident) reveals that there ARE hard-working people who follow routines to the letter and are still happy- in fact, happy BECAUSE of their routines, and not necessarily in a localized, limited, "simpleton" way.

The simplest example that comes to mind is the Olympic athlete, who wakes up at 4am every morning to practice his routines. She does it deliberately, with focus. She strives to improve every single time. She is clear-headed, increasingly precise and develops autonomy WITHIN the constraints of her practice regimen. She develops mastery, and joy. The same applies to musicians, and writers. I myself have sort of felt this feeling on several occasions when writing, and my regimen is sloppy at best.

So this is the pursuit of art (and I think high-level sport has a lot of parallels with art, if it isn't art itself). An artist holding himself up to a routine for the sake of his art- he'll be happy, sure. This was the Tiger Mother hypothesis, isn't it? Force your kids to practice goddamn hard at something- the pleasure will come later, when they figure out what they want to say with their remarkably skilled voices.

What about the laborer? The working class, illiterate laborer, struggling in the fields to make ends meet, that his children might have a better life than him. Is he happy? Maybe yes, maybe no. I'm guessing the real answer is... that the question "am I happy" is a luxury he cannot afford.

That said, I have two thoughts there- one is the sense of purpose he must have, knowing that his struggle means something. It's still a kind of art- his art is his daughter, who will go to school and learn her numbers and live a far more comfortable, blessed existence than he. When you have something to live for, something to fight for, then the pitiful struggle of everyday life can still be do well meaningful.

I don't want to blame anybody but myself for what I'm about to say- but I felt neither pursuit applicable to me when I was in school. I did not see how it was art, and I did not see how it was related to my survival. I often tried to believe it- I'd psyche myself up about it, and I'd listen to my parents warn me about my future failure in life if I didn't study... but I don't know, it never worked for me. Somehow, deep down I didn't quite believe it, it never felt real.

I do remember working as "casual labour" in Shangri-La Hotel, and I also remember working at the Singapore Airshow in 2010 to earn money to buy a ticket to watch Paramore. I also helped my dad with the family business (industrial waste disposal). I served NS, working as a storeman, then doing BMT, then a signals course. And, of course, now I'm doing marketing for ReferralCandy, running Statement, writing for Poached.

Am I happy? Human? Yes and no. But way more yes now than when I was in school (most of the time). What's the difference?

I enjoyed working at Shangri-La. I got to learn about the hotel industry first-hand. See the underbelly of a large hotel- chefs, housekeeping. Management. I got to see some cool events- rich people getting married, corporate events, school proms. I got to hear kd lang perform at a charity auction. I got to see lots of people's wedding montages. I even served chocolate to a bunch of old white men at a meeting between Boeing and Rolls-Royce, and I listened to a lecture by the London School of Economics. Also got to witness some Entrepreneur of the Year thing, some commonwealth thing. Saw a local media event where I bumped into a photographer friend of mine- MDA or journalism or something. I remember thinking that the culture felt a little toxic, vacuous.

When I worked with my dad, I got to see the underbelly of the industrial "scene" in Singapore, or at least some of it. Ever been inside a incinerator? I have! I've seen cars crushed into boxes, trash being compacted, felt the heat of our rubbish being burned. Recycling facilities. What's the waste management like at a large religious festival? I've seen it. How do you talk to people of different socioeconomic classes? How do you work with foreigners, people you don't share common languages with?

At the Singapore Airshow (back in 2010), I enjoyed witnessing how the managers managed. I remember at some point the overall I/C (a very intelligent, educated guy) sat us all down and thanked us (ah bengs, mats, ITE students) profusely, sincerely. He told us that the show wouldn't have been possible without us. I remember feeling a bit of pride then. It was a great feeling, worth more than the money. I built friendships with some guys- fleeting, because we knew we'd never see each other again- but it meant something to me. It gave m a little more faith in humanity. The same applies for a lot of the fleeting relationships I built with fellow NSFs.

You do build friendships in school too, and that's often touted as one of the benefits. But you build relationships anytime and anywhere you work with others on something, especially something that's "real", to be consumed by a general audience rather than a hyper-specific, artificial construct (teachers, students). You build friendships playing in a band, organizing gigs, even blogging about politics. I dropped by UTown a few weeks ago to catch Nassim Taleb, and I remember being rather surprised after the talk when I was walking around and surrounded by students chit-chatting about their lives. These folks (I have to resist saying "kids") were my age or older, but I can't relate to them very much anymore. My colleagues are a decade older than me. I'm married and I own a home, I pay a mortgage. Our ages might be identical but our concerns have diverged significantly.

It's certainly my fault for not having the "right" attitude, but I learnt very little in school that was actually useful to me, or more importantly (in this pragmatic dog-eat-dog world) of value in the marketplace. School teaches you to be replaceable, not unique and outstanding, and this is a source of anxiety because it's good for the system... at your expense.

Cutting up the vomit into two here, at 1.6k words

I'm a pretty good writer by most general standards. Not the best in the world, but significantly better than average- enough for me to have the wonderful privilege of turning down job offers. What role did school have to play in this? Not very much. I got straight A's for English and GP, but that's not enough. I didn't get those grades from my schooling, I got it from reading hundreds, maybe thousands of books. My favourite teaches encouraged me, the syllabus only got in the way.

To this day, I cringe when look at my writing after JC. It's cumbersome, convoluted. I inherited some of the style of the setting I was in, and it took a couple of years to beat that out of my system. A lot of "everyday" Singaporean writing has that quality. Tedious, longwinded. Many of us spend a lot of time saying very little. (My vomits are longwinded too, but I'm not trying to make any sort of specific point with these vomits- I'm just exploring. When I'm done exploring I will condense the good stuff, best as I can.)

It took several more years of arguing online and over 1,000 blogposts before I think my writing became something that can pay for a HDB flat.

How To Write For A Living

Everybody needs to sell stuff. All marketing is the communication of value. You can try writing and selling your own stuff right from the start- maybe work in an entirely unrelated field, like Einstein did, or Rod Stewart- or you can try to get wok in some sort of writing field (I believe Dickens was a journalist). The challenge is to find an overlap between stuff you want to write and stuff others want to read. (And I guess stuff that people will pay for.) Before the paid stuff, though, I recommend focusing on the overlap of what you want and what others want...

actually this is almost unnecessarily pedantic. What matters is quality writing. Seth Godin is quality writing, and he publishes almost every day. Paul Graham is quality writing, and he publishes a lengthy essay every few months or so. Scott Adams, Marc Andreesen. If any of these guys wrote a book about anything, people will buy it. I think the same applies to many top Quorans, Redditors, Hacker News folk. Write good stuff, and the audience will gather over time.

So how do you write good stuff? The thing about writing, or any other kind of art, I think- is that to get to the good stuff you have to take risks, and when you take risks there's always the chance that it won't work out the way you want it to. You have to learn to live with tat. Most successes got there by failing more times than the non-runners even tried. Jordan has a nice quote on this. "I fail... that is why I succeed". Something like that.

A good way to diminish failure and develop a god-like aura is to have a few trusted folk read our stuff before you release it to the general public. PG does this- it means that you can get very polished stuff. I don't think Seth Godin does this as much with his daily blog- he just keeps posting, day in, day out. That's kinda my plan too- I'm playing the quantity game. I'm willing to make more mistakes and fall flat on my face more often, (because the cost of shipping is so unbelievably low- 0) for even a 0.1% chance of doing something that really resonates with people.

Sometimes you know when you're writing that it's going to be big. This isn't one of those times, because lots has been written about this already, and this isn't particularly punchy, powerful, unique. Don't care, writing anyway. Sometimes you'll have no idea. Some people tell me that I lose credibility by sometimes writing nonsense. In the long run of course I want to be progressively less nonsensical, inaccurate, wrong. But I think I'm also not too bothered about being publicly wrong. Correct me.

I rather be wrong publicly and be corrected than be wrong internally... and honestly, I just have an internal predisposition or a preference for this style. This is what works for me. I like it. I'll change it when I feel like it's not working- that day may come. In the mean time, I'm trying to make a point about quantity. 1000 x 1000 words, do you know anybody else who's done this? (Actually, I'm sure there are. I'd like to meet them.)

But basically, write like hell about everything that matters to you, and even things that don't, and put it out into the world. You'll get feedback. Just remember not to take it personally- take it as feedback on your work, not on you. And your work is not yours. The worst feedback can be absolute indifference, but I think that's quite rare if you stick with something long enough, and write about things that you really care about. There are bound to be other people out there who care about what you care about too, and they'll reach out to you.

That's the power of the internet, and search- the ability for others to find you. Why bother EVER going out of your way to look for people? I don't have a resume. I'd love it if I never have to have one, because I have a "long tail resume"- my blog. Want to figure out if you want to hire me? Google my name. This might offend or upset 99,999 out of 100,000 people. I don't care, I'm only interested in that last person.

Back to school- everything I learnt in school was largely by accident, almost never by design. Mrs Teo showed me what unconditional love and support look like. Mr Koh CH and Mr. J Lai showed me that maths was cool. Ali and Lim showed me that history was interesting. (Low, too.) Wong Pei showed me that chemistry could be EPIC. I love teachers who care. There are few things as beautiful or enriching as a teacher (or a healthcare professional, etc) who truly gives a shit, and essentially takes a pay cut to demonstrate it. Done for now.

It's been a full month since I last published something. When I started out I naively thought that I'd be able to publish two vomits every weekday and maybe three on the weekends. I think there HAVE been days when I've written 3 or 4 vomits, but I vastly overestimate myself, over and over. I overpromise and under-deliver, which leads to me living an uncomfortable life of lies and inaccuracy. I am increasingly clear that that's not how I want to live my life in the future.

Why haven't I been writing? Some family stuff cropped up that I didn't know how to handle, and this external stressor just demolished my existing system. My fitness routine, reading habit and guitar practice all suffered too. I haven't been able to write anything for Poached either, and it's been a struggle just to stay on top of my work.

I have always been uncertain about how to operate when you're writing about things that could potentially impinge on others. I remember when Lilly Singh uploaded a video about her family life and then promptly took it down, presumably because her family was unhappy about it. I don't know. I don't know and so I clamp up and get blocked, because I can't possibly write about X when my mind is heavily preoccupied with Y. I suppose on hindsight the solution might be to write anonymously, say with a throwaway account on Reddit, or maybe to write fiction. I have little to no experience with either.

Anyway I don't want to think about that too much right now- it makes me uncomfortable and I don't have the luxury of going through that when I have work to do. That is something I can't resolve in a vomit- I'll need to set aside time to write, think, edit, revise, reflect, meditate. While I call it a luxury- because it requires time and focus- it's also a necessity, because I won't be able to operate at 100% until it is resolved. In this regard it is much like an injury.

So setting that aside for a while I think the most important thing for me to learn here is the importance of redundancy, of reserves, of deep assets, of emergency routines, structures, backup plans. Here I think I am arriving at an insight that only comes to me in times of difficulty, which I need to preserve to inform my "peacetime operations". An analogy:

If I were a nation-state I'd be screwed, because I wouldn't have a standing army or strategic reserves. I'd be a straight-talker, saying what I mean even if it offends people. This will inevitably get me in trouble. The problem is, I'm unable to empathize with venomous, grudge-holding people. I forget that they exist at all. I don't hold grudges. I'm just not predisposed to.

I remember that there were moments as a child where I wanted to get angry and stay angry with myself (typically for getting into trouble at school), or with my parents (for trying to discipline me). "I'll show them," I'd mouth angrily in the mirror. It would never last- I'd stop caring about it the next day. Everything fades away, everything will turn to nothing, why be angry?

I sometimes think my akrasia- my inability to follow my own instructions- comes from a deeper wisdom that knows better than my short-sighted, fleeting ambitions. I trusted
'chaos and randomness' because they were easier to accept than badly made plans, or well-made bad plans, or well-made good plans that were badly timed, or badly executed... I would have to take the blame for all of it, and it seemed silly and wrong.

I responded to the systems' oversimplistic grand plans with an oversimplistic heterodoxy- my plan was to reject the plan that was foisted upon me. I have more in common with Republicans than I thought.

It is clear to me today that my approach was oversimplistic, and that there are costs to my Diogenesian lifestyle that weren't obvious then.

Quick parallel aside: when I look at my writing from 2009 to early 2012, I see a writer who has too much time on his hands, who presumes too much of his audience. I wrote in a sprawling, tedious manner. It was self-indulgent and unnecessarily ornate. I'm still less succinct than I could be, but now I'm pressed for time- I'm writing this on my morning commute. The biggest difference is practice, of course- the more you practice, the more you develop your aesthetic sensibility, and the more you get frustrated with unnecessary elements. I think the second biggest difference- for me, at least- is the fact that I have real commitments and obligations now; bills to pay, work to do.

Let me restate that: I think the constraints of being a working adult is forcing me to become a better writer, because I have to say more with less. I don't have the time for long drawn out arguments on Facebook anymore- those were like little scrappy catfights more for personal entertainment and minor social point-scoring than the fundamental development of my craft. It helped, I think, but it wasn't optimal. Still, suboptimal progress is better than optimal fantasy.

Let's return to this idea of the random/chaos lifestyle. I thought I was being free and wild but I wasn't- I was in suboptimal routines of my own. I didn't grow and develop as much as I could've. As Scott Adams put it, losers have goals, winners have systems. I rejected goals, but I failed to build a good system. There's the rub. The absence of goals does not make a good system. A good system has to be carefully crafted.

Earlier I talked about badly made plans, well-made bad plans, etc. All of those can be avoided through a gradually built system (as robust as possible) for navigating complexity, for exploring the unknown. It can be done, and I think I've done a bit of it by accident over time- that's what experience is, that's what wisdom is. But I think it can also be pursued and built deliberately, and that's what I want to do.

Ok I got to work, continue in the evening
Bad posture, lack of exercise, too many tabs open, too many distractions, constantly just trying to get by. I need more focus and clarity. I can't conjure that out of nowhere; it starts with sleep. Sleep makes me make better decisions. I remember that I used to smoke more when sleep deprived. The brain just needs rest sometimes. The kind of work that I do especially demands mental acuity.

I realized this in greater detail yesterday when I was doing a pomodoro of work. I work best in short bursts. I should design that into my workflow.

I slept at 12mn last night. I was hoping to sleep at 11, but I was "doing some stuff". I woke up at some point in the night- I didn't check but I think it would've been around 4am- and I went back to sleep. I woke again at 8am. Lay in bed til 815. Reddited and tumblred till 9, which on hindsight was a bad use of my time. I should not go online until I get a chunk of stuff done. I should probably shower immediately after I get up instead of drawing it out. I'm on the way to work now though, and I'm both fresher and slightly earlier than usual.

The best thing about sleeping earlier, I think, is waking up more naturally. Less abruptly. I know that military folk train to be functional while sleep deprived, but hey. Even Napoleon supposedly took naps on the battlefield. On hindsight it's ridiculous how little attention I give to my quality of sleep, considering that it directly influences my quality of life. I feel myself less stressed, more alert. I'm breathing more deeply. I feel less likely to want a cigarette.

It's interesting how we take drugs to alter our consciousness, or we demonize and/or criminalize people who do, when pretty much everything we do has a similar effect. Life is drugs. Exercise is drugs. Sleep is drugs. Sex is drugs. Facebook is drugs. Smartphones are drugs. Food is drugs. Driving when sleep deprived can be worse then driving under the influence. Clearly a lot about life- if not everything about it- is about managing one's consciousness.

If I could I would mandate that everybody experiments with their sleep and diet and Facebook usage. Since I don't have the authority to do that I'll have to do the next best thing: experiment myself, and report my findings. I've already found that I'm a happier person when I spend less time chasing hits on social media. I've already found that vegetable salads make me lighter on my feet and fast food makes me a little sick- salty fries burn my palate. Coke messes with blood sugar levels. Cigarettes make me snivelly and cough, they narrow my field of vision and they make the world look less colourful- this is something I've noticed over and over again. Whenever I go off cigarettes, colours look brighter. My sense of smell improves, as expected, but so does my sense of touch. Even my field of hearing feels "expanded". What cigarettes seem to do is "tune out" the world.

Here's a thought I had earlier: we fixate far too much on the people we meet. We allow them to shape our view of how the world is. In reality the world is infinitely more complex. Whatever your experience of the world is, there is more. No matter how outcast you feel, there are others out there who relate to you, your ideas, your experience. You can find a support network for almost any lifestyle you might have or background you might desire.

I'm thinking about the boys who annoyed me in secondary school. I wonder where they are today, what are they up to now? And then I realize that I don't really care. Why should I? I have a life of my own to worry about, and people and projects that deserve my attention more. I wish I knew this when I was a kid, in a way that would've been meaningful to me. I would've worried less about their approval or the nuances of our social relations and focused more on the stuff that I personally wanted to do- stuff I sort of lost track of along the way, overwhelmed by adolescence. What do I really want to do, anyway? I want to be of use to others. I feel like that's the most fundamental insight I have. I want to pursue my curiosity and I want to be useful to others. Or as Neil Tyson put it, learn something new everyday and help people along the way. I think that is a life well-lived.

I want to be a lot more prolific than I have been so far. I've written 800+ Quora answers, 15,000+ tweets, 600+ blogposts. That seems okay, but I'm sure I can do better. I'm convinced by the argument that you can't really boost your batting average, what you can do is bat far, far more times.

My thoughts died around here as I got to work. I think I'm going to have to refactor my blog, change things up. I think I might have to revisit my ideas about scaffolding. I'll write a separate post about that.

In the past year I've done over 100 word vomits of at least 1000 words each, which adds up to over 120,000 words. It has been an interesting experience, and I think I'm growing and changing as a writer-and-thinker.

When I started, all I knew is that I would be a different person at the end of it, and that I would have learned a bunch of things along the way that I couldn't possibly anticipate.

While I still want to reach the 1000 x 1000 milestone, there are a few other things I now want to do as well. A few pertinent "side-quests" have popped up, and I feel like I can't fully commit to the "main story mission" (1,000,000 words) unless I get these out of the way. I feel like the experience and powerups I'll get from these side-quests will only add to my main mission, not subtract.

For a couple of years, my blog was centered around my Singapore-centric social commentary. A good 80% of my top-grossing hits are about Singaporean politics and media.

Since then, I've gotten married. I become a homeowner. I got a full-time job. I had a blogpost reach the front page of Hacker News. I became a Quora Top Writer for the 2nd year running.

My perspective has changed. My priorities have changed. My interests have changed. My blog has largely remained the same. [See: Derek Sivers' Why am I here?]

I still care about civil society in Singapore, and I will probably continue to speak up when I feel compelled to do so, but I don't think I'll be devoting as much time and energy towards staying on top of everything. There are others who are more qualified than me who are making a meaningful difference.

What will I devote myself to, then? Here are some thoughts on my mind:

1: I want to write about my vision for the future of education. I find a lot of the discussions in this area to be painfully myopic. Almost everything I've seen involves some rearrangement of familiar elements such as "student", "classroom", "teacher", "curriculum", "degree"... all of which I think are assumptions that need to be questioned. We need to reason from first principles rather than think by analogy- I anticipate that education will be disrupted rather than reformed.

I will need to be careful when writing about this, though, and my word vomits are anything but careful. Vaguely, I think that I am the recipient of such a modern education. I don't have a degree, ut I got headhunted to work with some really cool people nevertheless. I have skills and perspectives that not everybody else has, and they're valuable enough for me to pay the bills with. Of course, I might be an exception or an outlier of sorts, but I don't believe that is the case. That would be awfully presumptuous of me. At the very least, the path I have taken is open to thousands of others.

2: Related to that, I want to write about what I perceive as "modern illiteracy". Reading, 'riting and 'rithmetic are necessary (and horrendously lacking in some parts of the world) but insufficient. What differentiates the "modern literate" is the ability to think, process, expound. That's just the half that I'm familiar with. Lately I've found myself feeling very illiterate. I know far too little about large numbers, about businesses and corporations, about law, about nation-states, about computers and how the internet works, about financial systems. What is money? What is debt? What is insurance, and how do you make good decisions? I am incredibly unqualified to write about any of this- all I have is my curiosity, which I will have to use as a compass of sorts.

3: I want to write about marketing in a way that is meaningful to me. I already write about marketing for work, but I do that in a way that is more... "professional"? Since I'm working in this industry, I want to see how far the rabbit hole goes. I want to really sink my teeth into it, unearth the viscera.

I have a nagging suspicion that a large proportion of internet marketers or even marketers in general don't really know what they're talking about. I can't just say that, of course- that's irresponsible, accusatory, naive, ignorant. Again, just following my nose here. Why is marketing as convoluted and chaotic as it seems to be? Why are so many people simply mouthing platitudes and feel-good quotes? Where is the real work happening, where is it making a real difference, and why isn't this data easily and readily available? I want to write about that.

4: I know that I don't want to keep writing about the same things. I know that I want to review movies and books, but I'm not really sure why. I just have faith that I'll be able to connect the dots when I've made significant progress.

5: I know that I want to do real-life experiments and document them on my blog. It's funny, but one of the biggest epiphanies I've had from writing like crazy is that writing can only do so much. My writing guided me to realize that writing is inherently limited as a tool of exploration. It's a fantastic tool, but ultimately it can only show you where you need to go, what you need to do. I attempted to do this in a very simplistic, superficial sense when I first started blogging here. You can dig into the archives and look for them if you like. They're pretty embarrassing, vapid wannabe-motivational/lifehacker nonsense. But I'm keeping these posts around to remind me that you have to get the crap out of the way so you can get to the good stuff.

6: I know that I want to be useful. I've always wanted to be useful. My best writing and my best living, even, happens when I'm trying to be useful. Things start falling apart when I lose sense of that and start trying to impress people, or boost my ego one way or another.

I'm still figuring it out along the way. I know that I have a whole bunch of other things I want to write about. I want to write a history of Singapore that I personally find interesting. I want to write... there's a lot of stuff I want to write.

The main quest still stands. I wonder what I will have changed my mind about at word vomit 200, 500, 1000. We'll see.

Oh yeah, what have I learnt?

1: The early stuff is always crap.

2: Sometimes I'll think something will take off, but it won't.

3: Sometimes I don't think something will take off, but it will.

4: Usually, if I find myself sweating (the sort of high-tension sweat I get in a high-stakes social situation, or even in poker), and I'm sort of frightened to publish, it's a good sign. But sometimes it's a total miss.

5: As I write more, I find myself able to sort my thoughts better as-I-go. I'm publishing this post without editing. I find that my unedited thoughts today are better than my edited thoughts a couple of years ago.

6: I warned my readers/audience that I was going to severely bore them with incoherent rambling. I expected the readership to drop. While the raw numbers did go down, I was getting great engagement. People were increasingly messaging and emailing me to tell me that they enjoyed reading my incoherent rambling. They found it more honest and compelling. I realize that my earlier numbers were entirely vanity metrics- I was getting clicks from people who just wanted to read controversial, anti-government rhetoric without engaging me. One of my most popular posts is "Sex in the ACJC". I doubt those readers were very interested in what I had to say. Any regular reader of my word vomits, though, is a valuable asset to me (and probably a little crazy).

There ain't no getting offa this train. I hope to do at least 200-300 vomits in 2014 as I make it a more integrated part of my routine.

I realise that my rising standards have been choking me. I recently came to the conclusion that I haven't really ever written anything worth reading. I know, some of you will say that that's been obvious all this while. Until now I've been fairly comfortable with writing "rubbish" because I didn't know what was rubbish and what wasn't. It was Schroedinger's shitty writing. I knew that I had to just have some sort of output and that I could refine it along the way.

As I look back on my output now, I struggle to identify the real value. I'm a little overwhelmed by how staggeringly few and far between my insights are. Almost everything that I've gotten credit for has been rehashed, reapplied ideas and perspectives of others. A lot of it is populist, sensationalist crap. I wrote stuff optimising for distribution, not depth. I think that was rational and fair at the time. I didn't know what I wanted, so I did what was fun, whatever yielded returns. But it's clear to me that doing that is merely a local optima. There are higher peaks to scale in the pursuit of thinking/writing excellence, and to get there I have to forgo what has worked for me for the bulk of my blogging/writing "career". I want to transition from being sensationalist to being genuinely useful.

What does genuinely useful mean? For the longest time I had no idea, but now I think I have a working provisional definition: Useful, in the context of a blog, is something that saves people time and helps them move forward in their thinking, in their discussions, in their arguments. A blogger is useful when she provides others with the tools they need to think better. I think Bertha Hanson is doing a fantastic job at this by asking a lot of good questions. Questions alone can be incredibly useful. Anger and sensationalism, not so useful. Partisanship, not useful. Personal attacks, not useful. Naive hopes and normative statements, not helpful. Imprecise, vague journalism, not helpful. Accurate model of reality, useful.

To be a little less harsh on myself I don't think my earlier analyses and thoughts are entirely invalidated because I flavoured them heavily with my anger or emotion. I think anger and emotion are useful as an energy source. But the energy should be channeled effectively. It doesn't HAVE to be, but I want it to be- especially now that I am aware of the possibility.

I did myself an injustice by answering my own questions with what I wanted to hear. more precisely, I often had preconceived notions of what the answers should have been. I thought it would be nice or good or right or righteous to attack people in power, and so I did, but it's obvious on hindsight that wasn't necessarily the best way for me to make the biggest impact or do the greatest good.

I have been paralysed for a while because I had competing ideas and perspectives in my head about what to do, and so I did nothing for a period of time (since last vomits, maybe). A part of me thought, you shouldn't talk about what you're thinking of doing, you should just do it. But I need to break things down into manageable chunks and part of that involves exploring the context of the idea. It has become clear to me at least in this context (of action vs inaction) that I should just lay everything out that's in my head.

The most important question I have to answer, through action, is how should I spend my time?

To answer that I first have to observe and study how I'm already spending my time, then identify why I'm doing what I'm doing. (I procrastinate. I waste time on Facebook and Tumblr and Quora. I do that not because I lack purpose, but because my purpose doesn't remain in focus for long, and because the work I know I have to do is tedious, hard and initially unrewarding.) Then I have to figure out how to manipulate myself to get out of my current local optima and work towards reaching a relatively more global optima.

So how do I make my important work more rewarding and make the distractions less rewarding? Realisation #1: this doesn't need to be a global or universal thing. I can't instantaneously change 23 years of conditioning. I can't change my taste buds overnight.

There's this thing that happens when you realise your previously unrecognised incompetence, and it gets you so flustered and overwhelmed that you retreat into the comfort of ignorance. Intellectually this seems weird, but I've caught myself doing it and it boils down to the fact that the lizard brain is older and more powerful. It's why substance abusers relapse, why diets and exercise regimes are often fragile and short - lived. We resist change at a very fundamental level that the conscious mind does not seem to recognise (which makes sense, because the conscious mind operates after-the-fact, doesn't it?). Almost nobody actually wants to leave Plato's Cave, even when we think they do- and when we do do it, if we're not adequately prepared, a primal part of our minds carries us back into the cave, running and screaming from all the discomfort.

So recognising you have to get out, while an important step, is insufficient. Getting out repeatedly after failure is good, but also insufficient. You have to prepare for failure in advance. What will you do when faced with a trigger or cue that sends you running, and how will you disrupt that running behaviour? If I read Power of Habit correctly, the trick is to recognise the reward that follows the routine (running back). In the case of procrastination, it's pleasure and comfort.

So I guess I need to find ways to get pleasure and comfort from doing hard work. It might not necessarily come from the work itself. You could reward yourself with, idk, chocolate or gummy bears. Alternatively, you could brag about it when you're done and look forward to the bragging. The end goal of course is to cease the need for bragging altogether, and to derive pleasure from the act of doing itself. But that takes time to develop. Perhaps one should simply meditate on that fact and take periodic time outs to remind self of that end goal. Maybe the goal initially isn't to burst out of the cave forever, but to spend a few minutes in the light every day. I think I get that from writing the way I'm writing now- at a feverish pace, anxious to get everything out. I would love to have access to this mental state every day. I know it will feel great when it's over. I'm already anticipating that feelgood feeling. In fact I think I'm already feeling it. So the challenge is really to keep starting. Maybe.

Ok I've covered enough of that. What do I need to think about apart from how to manage my time? Let's restate findings/hypothesis: rather than try to have amazing productive days, I should strive to have amazing productive 20 minutes. I think too grand and yet do too little at the same time. And I think both problems are highly related. If you're busy doing stuff that can be done, your mind expands to fit the space of the problem you're solving. Paul Graham wrote something similar about carrying code in your head. What I got out of that is that your headspace is simultaneously more precious and more powerful than you realise. You shouldn't let yourself read stupid bullshit because that outright drains you. It robs you of the chance of getting exponential or compound gains from thinking about problems that are rewarding to solve. My instinct is to do something dramatic like delete my Facebook account again. I might do that in time but I do use it to correspond with some people and I don't think I need to cut that out right this moment. What really matters is that I get chunks of deep writing done, every day. Today already feels like a better day for having written this. Now it's time for the victory lap.

I want to steer my blog into a space to write about procrastination, laziness. I simply haven't been satisfied by everything I've read about the matter so far. Nobody has quite written what I want to read, so I'm going to write that. In bits and pieces. I think my next piece will be "laziness is work aversion".

I have some plans for my Singapore writing. I'm going to try to spend less time criticising the media and government and more time trying to see things from their perspective and figure out why they do things the way they do. I'm still going to point out mistakes, inconsistencies, weak points, etc when I see them. I think that's a citizen's duty. But I'm going to be less angry about it.

I have an idea for a history/world affairs "project", which is to expand people's consciousness about our role and place in time and space. How, for instance, our island has been affected by global issues in the past and how we ought to think about them. What are the current affairs we need to be concerned about? What is up with the South China Sea disputes, and how are we affected if things turn sour? What are Singapore's dependencies, weaknesses, and how do we shore them up?

I think it's criminal that we spend time debating the cleanliness of hawker center ceilings (the way Americans spent time arguing about Obama's birth certificate). But the USA is a massive country. We are a tiny speck. If we are to survive on the international stage we're going to have to take every "unfair" advantage we can get, because we know for a fact that others will do the same. If the big leverage their bigness then the small must leverage their smallness.

One fathomable advantage of smallness is that ideas can spread really quickly, and decisions can be made in a more agile fashion, too. (Technology is quickly reducing this inequality- information dissemination is instantaneous at large scales. But collections of people are still afflicted by the effects of large complex groups. 5 million people are still easier to govern than 500 million, and it will be easier to coordinate action, etc.)

So I think there is a space in Singaporean civil discourse for intelligent thought and discussion, and if it is positioned well, it should be able to reach a very effective slice of the population- that is, the people who are in positions to take real action and do important things. I firmly believe that many of the good people on both sides of the fence are thoughtful enough to be open to good ideas, to good questions, as long as these aren't polarised or politicised before they're even aired. And I think people have the sense to see when something is interesting and valuable.

The main problem (which I first alluded to in my post about meeting PM Lee) is that the people working on hard problems are typically too busy working on hard problems to have discussions with the public about what they're up to. But I think these are really matters of public importance! It should be somebody's job to make sure that the public is well informed about what keeps the ministers up at night. Maybe not completely, but you know, to a reasonable degree. More so than now. What's a day in the Finance Minster's life like? I wonder what it's like to be PM's secretary or personal assistant. I find it odd that I have little to no idea. It makes sense to seek out intelligent people in the civil service and ask them what their thoughts and concerns are. My personal biggest concern is disruptive technology- 3d printers, bitcoin, driverless cars, solar energy and other game-changing things like that. I wonder how high a priority that is. Probably not that high. There are probably security concerns. Education concerns. Foreign affairs. It's madness. I can't even manage myself. How do people manage a country?

Following on yesterday's thoughts I guess the goal shouldn't be to extend consciousness over all of life, but to be intensely conscious of a few moments. Paul Graham wrote about how startups need deep specialisation and focus, and that's an idea that's stuck with me. If you want to build a company that's big and good, you have to start good and stay good as you get big. It's impossible for a company to start big and get good. This is because there are costs to running a large operation that are intrinsic to size. I remember Yishan Wong writing about this on a note by Boz about Facebook growing as a company. It's an inescapable cost that burdens large companies, regardless of the quality of the people. Amazon, Google etc are good in spite of being big- big is a cost they bear, a tradeoff they make. Well- that's just one way of looking at it, and it's not entirely accurate now that I think about it. I can't comment on large companies.

The point is that a small company should never look at a big, successful company and think that big leads to successful. It's successful that leads to big. Aiming to be big and hoping or expecting to get successful as a consequence of it is a very dangerous, perhaps even suicidal approach.

Let's get back to thinking about consciousness, habit formation, self-control. If the insight transcends domains (and I think this is a hypothesis worth testing)... then a person who wants to be more mindful is better off trying to be really mindful of one small thing. If she tries to be mindful of everything, her limited cognition is spread too thin and it evanesces.

I think the mindfulness teachers understood this. Consider the advice about drinking tea, or about walking, enjoying each and every step purposefully. It seems silly the way it might seem silly to make your bed nicely in the morning when you have a fuck ton of work to do, but clearly there's something to it. You have to do the basics incredibly well. Practicing scales mindfully makes you a better soloist. In fact, practicing scales can help your solo playing more than practicing your soloing (without practicing scales). I definitely experienced this as a musician. I think I've experienced this as a writer, too. You get better at writing and grammar by doing loads of reading. If your job is to write, how do you have time to read?

You have to make time. It matters how Michael Phelps stretches before swimming, and that he listens to hip hop. It matters that Christiano Ronaldo does that silly looking leg spread before he takes his free kicks. You can't become great without it. These are their soldiers- perfectly drilled, in beautiful harmony. You become great at the Great by first becoming great at the mundane. There is no other way, even for the daredevil genius improvisers. Even rockstars practice like crazy.

Ack, I'm already at work and I'm still 300 words short. I guess I'll just keep going. The mistake I've been making over and over again is overreaching. I try too hard to do too many things over too long a period of time. Instead, I should focus on each step, on drinking the tea. This applies at the smallest scales. Even right now as I'm at work, I have a whole bunch of tabs open. This is unnecessary. I'm going to close those tabs now.

Went for lunch and back. I realize I need to pick really small wins and dominate them, so that's what I'm going to do. I think the word vomits I've written yesterday and today have given me the little victories I need to keep going, and I'm going to try to get little victories in other spheres too- most importantly at work, and then with my fitness, and in my relationships with other people.

Sometimes I wonder if it was silly of me to impose this 1000 word rule, but I think it's an amusing, interesting restriction. I already live with a lot of "unrestrained" freedom in my day-to-day life, and I find THAT limiting. So this sort of limitation forces me to be a little more creative. And while I might sometimes find it silly, it's not like anybody's actually getting hurt because of it. I get to do more interesting things. Once I'm done with all 1,000 vomits, I'll get to the much more challenging work of doing rewriting. Or maybe I'll start rewriting right now, as I move forward. I still have a few more summaries to do, and maybe I'll do them tonight. It doesn't really matter, what matters most of all is that I keep moving. I can reorganize and optimize while I'm moving. I can't do that while I'm static. Whatever reorganizing and optimization I do in my head when I'm static is actually kinda toxic.

Look at that, crossing the limit running, not crawling. That's what happens. You really can't let yourself think you're in a rut, even when you are, because that prevents you from realizing how you might just get a burst of energy around the corner.

120th. I'm amused by how long it took me to get here. It reveals how naive my projections have always been. I think I estimated that I would be in the mid-200s by now. What this means is that I take at least twice as long to get stuff done as I think I do. I think even that doesn't capture the full reality of the situation. Let's explore that.

A large part of getting stuff done is knowing exactly what needs to be done. Having a clear map of the territory that needs to be explored. There was a fun Quora answer that explored this by using the Coast Of Britain problem as an extended metaphor. We think that the distance is short, but when we actually traverse it, we realise it was far more complex than expected. Another great analogy I found was the expressway/roads idea. When you want to drive from point A to point B, you think of the total distance covered. You get out of your house, which is familiar territory, and you get on the highway, which takes you 80% of the way there. You've covered 80% of the distance so you assume that 80% of the trip is done. But the remaining 20% of the distance is much more complicated- you need to get off the expressway and explore the smaller roads, where there may be unexpected traffic jams. You might miss a turn here and there. The last 20% of distance ends up taking just as long as the first 80%, if not longer. So distance travelled is not actually an accurate indicator of how long you have left to reach your destination.

Often, we don't even have a map and we don't really know where we're going.

I'm really eager to refactor my blog and remove extraneous elements, yet I've made really slow progress on this. I think a part of it is because I'm not clear about my priorities. So let's try and clarify them now. I don't want to delete old posts if possible, because I think there are lessons to be learned from them. If I find a post that expresses a perspective that I no longer agree with, I don't want to censor it or eliminate it. I think a superior alternative is to write an updated header to the post that explains how and why I've changed my mind. This is less pretty, but I think it's a good trade-off to make. If I have enough of these revisionist headers, I'll probably feel more comfortable eliminating pointless noise.

I also want to trawl my Facebook account- and maybe even my Twitter and Tumblr- and look for gems worth re-emphasizing. It seems like a shame to let them languish in non- circulation.

Quick aside: I experienced a momentary impulse to close this document and get on Twitter/Facebook. These impulses come fairly frequently, and they remind me of cigarette cravings. There's some cue- thinking about twitter/fb, in this case. The routine is to get distracted. The reward is the pleasure of aimless bumbling around- looking at pictures, reading what others have to say. It's an immediate reward and a simpler, easier experience. But it doesn't compound. It won't be as rewarding as completing this vomit would be. By keeping this vomit as my main goal and reminding myself that it'll feel better to complete this, I'm able to stay on track.

If you want to modify a habit, you need to identify the cue, routine and reward. Then you need to change the routine and make sure there's a new reward. I think my new routine to the cue of temptation is to write it down. To acknowledge it. In the Age of Absurdity, the writer pointed out that a lot of primal, primitive desires wither away under the harsh light of intense scrutiny.

I think there's something in there that I can crack open and exploit, or "hack". Earlier I wrote about how there's utility to be gained from telling people about your plans, or say, posting your gym pictures on Instagram. While ideally you want to get utility from the workout itself, if posting gym selfies gets you working out, then it's worth doing (in pursuit of a fitter you). Similarly, if I can choose to get utility either from succumbing to temptation or making a big show out of resisting it, the latter is preferable. So from now on, if I feel tempted to distract myself in the midst of doing work, I'm going to write it down. If it happens at work, I'll maybe write it down somewhere else and keep track of it. Temptation resisted is a pretty nice vanity metric to have, assuming it correlates with work done.

The goal of course is to do work, and get utility from doing work. But what do you do if you don't get utility from work, because your brain hasn't yet been rewired sufficiently to give you a chemical hit from studying or from exercising? You find something else you get utility from, and do that instead.

I think this is how people start smoking and drinking before their brains start enjoying the acts themselves. We do it for social utility. To impress our friends or earn their approval. The cool kids smoke.

I think there are some interesting implications here. We are social creatures, so it's pointless to wish that people wouldn't brag about their achievements. If we can make moral things cool, we probably should... assuming a whole bunch of things. If activism-tourism hurts rather than helps, we should discourage it. We should probably call people out if they're faking things like posting gym pics but not working out, posting photos of their homework but not actually doing their homework... this gets unhealthy, it's fake and it becomes a game of impressions rather than actual improvement, actual work done.

"Should" here is unnecessarily prescriptive. You can do whatever you like. There's no need to interfere with anybody else. I'm guilty of making overly broad statements. I can only speak for myself, my problems and my circumstances. And my problem, as I define it for myself, is to figure out how to get myself to do things that I say I want to do. If there are second-order negative consequences, then I will figure out how to fix that.

Let's take these vomits as an example. I will openly admit that part of the reason I'm doing this is bragging rights. Somebody joked that marathon signups would plummet if people had no way to communicate to others that they did it. It's funny because it's probably true. There will probably be some subset of marathon runners who will run even if nobody else ever knows that they do. But there are all kinds of other benefits anyway- a healthier body that impresses people even if they can't explain how or why they got it.

Would people work out if it made then feel good but it made them look unattractive? Actually that's also an oversimplistic question- a really muscular girl might be seen as unattractive by most people, but she might not care at all what most people think.

As a general rule I think most people care about what most people think... But that's not a very useful rule either because the exceptions make all the difference. The average person is not interested in writing 1000 word vomits even if they agree that it's a cool or impressive thing to do. So... I guess this stuff is really, really complex.

Let's start over. I can only truly speak for myself. A lot of the above is just my pattern-finding mechanism going bonkers... I have to return to what is useful. So what IS useful? Useful is whatever I can use to steer myself down a path that I want to go. I want to complete these 1000 vomits as quickly as I can. I want to be more prolific at work. I want to procrastinate less and get more done in general. Broader claims and assertions are not useful.

Why am I always so quick and eager to "go broader"? Perhaps it is fear, perhaps it is incompetence, perhaps both. The real value comes from a clearer picture of myself, and perhaps the part of me that resists change doesn't want to be too precise about things, because a lack of precision allows me to get away with more bullshit.

Here's an interesting example. When me and my friends went for lunch once, we ended up discussing Blizzard and Diablo 3. I wondered what Blizzard's game plan was, how they were going to survive, to continue putting out good stuff... I wondered whether it's possible for any company to sustain quality over the long term (Apple?), or if it's the inevitable nature of things to be disrupted. Should anybody try to build a lasting company that endures, or is it better for society for companies to be born and die? Venkatesh Rao's Gervais Principle would suggest that it's inevitable that big companies get bloated and bureaucratic, and that there's a natural order of sorts to how these things work. Should one attempt to fight this natural order, or instead seek to work with it? Which is superior?

On hindsight, this question is a semi-pointless parlor game for me to explore at this point in time. I don't work in a big company. I don't understand big companies- a point driven in painfully well by Marc Andreesen's guide to startups part 5: Moby Dick. Even Blizzard doesn't likely know what Blizzard is going to do. I'm not going to get an answer to that question that corresponds to reality purely by thinking about it, because I lack the framework, I lack the context, I lack the knowledge. I don't even know what I don't know. So any answer I arrive at is largely meaningless- a matter of sophistry rather rush insight.

This can be fun and there is value in it, but a mentor pointed out to me that there's also opportunity cost: time spent deliberating about Blizzard is time not spent figuring out how I can get better at my job, how I can become a better friend, husband, son, writer, marketer, so on and so forth.

A bird in the hand is worth an entire flock in the sky. Yet I spend large amounts of my time focused looking upwards. Clearly, it's a coping mechanism. It makes me feel good. But it doesn't actually leave me any better off. So I ought to change that.

I wanted to talk about what happens when I stop smoking, and describe it in as much detail as possible. Why? I just felt like it, it's something I've been wanting to kind of explore.

First, I would say that it's worth noting that there are "phases" or "stages" of smoking, just as you might imagine that there are stages of alcoholism, or stages of say, a fitness habit. Smoking one or two cigarettes a day is a completely different experience from smoking 5-6, which in turn is different from smoking a pack a day.

I have smoked an entire pack in a day on several occasions, but they were almost always unique- when I'm really, really stressed, extremely upset, have been drinking or am spending time with a group of smoker friends. The best way to finish a pack of cigarettes is to gather a bunch of smoker friends, get drunk and talk about your feelings. There's something about watching another person smoke that sets off a chain reaction. It feels polite to smoke too. It becomes a shared experience. I notice the same thing happens with drinking, and I'm sure even with more innocuous activities like eating. We do more together than we would on our own. At least, that has been my experience.

If you haven't been smoking in a while, or you're a non smoker, and you really inhale a cigarette properly, it elevates your heart rate. I've noticed that it doesn't "take the edge off" until 3, 4 cigarettes in.

The experience of reality on and off cigarettes is staggeringly different to me, and I think it's given me some vague insight about the effect of mood on perception. I remember jokingly thinking that the sky seemed extra blue after I was done with my last exam, and the grass extra green. On hindsight, I think it's true. I remember feeling the same way when I was done with national service. And I remember the world being rather dark and dull during my depressing times.

If you watch the movie Limitless, I think they capture this really well. When the protagonist is living his normal life, the world is drab, grey. When he gets on the magic drug, it becomes bright, clear. Initially I thought it was just good use of cinematography- and it is. But I realise now that the brain is a cinematographer itself. We might see the same things, but our subjective experiences might be completely different. We focus on different things depending on what we're primed on.

Ok back to smoking. When you've been smoking for a while, it coats your tongue, teeth, throat with filthy death-matter. (Yes, I'm sure that's the scientific term.) You get nasty breath after a while, no matter how much you brush. Your nose and mouth- your entire respiratory system, really- starts "drying out", like wilting plants. Your lips get charred and start cracking a little bit. Drinking lots of water and getting lots of sleep makes this a little less bad, but it's still pretty bad. Your tongue starts accumulating a filthy yellow layer of death that screws up your sense of taste and just feels gross. I remember using the blunt sides of tweezers or scissors to scrape off layers of that icky yellow stuff so I could taste my cigarettes better.

You squint the whole time you're a smoker. You don't realise it, the way you don't realise you're slouching when you're using the computer. You squint naturally to avoid letting the smoke get in your eyes. Watch smokers more closely, you'll see it. The eyes dry out anyway, as does the rest of the skin on the face. The natural waxy textureof skin (from the oils, I guess?) becomes dry and dead. A couple of days of non-smoking and all this stuff starts getting reversed. Your eyes will thank you for freeing them from the constant abuse of heat and smoke. They'll get whiter and "wetter", in a good way.

As your nose clears up you'll suddenly be more conscious of how bad your breath actually stinks. You'll start being able to taste water again. (If you avoid McDonald's and other "extreme foods"- stuff with high sodium, sugar, salt, etc during this time, your taste buds will go through a transformation too.)

I get a bit dizzy and blur-headed for a while. I yawn a lot more, and for a few days I sleep more, too. All of this is a recovery from the over-stimulation.

I burp and fart more, too. Cigarettes have a relationship with the digestive system. It feels good to smoke after a good meal. Cigarettes help alleviate the symptoms of low blood sugar- I read something about how it stimulates something... It makes even more sense why skinny supermodels smoke. It doesn't just suppress their appetites, it keeps them going. And I've always noticed that I smoke more when sleep deprived. Like, a lot more. Cigarettes are in some senses like micro-coffees, giving you buzzes.

It's interesting to pay attention to what happens to your body when you stop smoking, because it's reveals what cigarettes do to your body. But doesn't everybody already know? No, not exactly. Many smokers systematically overestimate the health costs of smoking- some call it a slow, controlled suicide. But I think we underestimate the day to day discomforts, because they happen so slowly and progressively. The first cough doesn't seem too bad. The second is just a quick encore. Before you know it you're hacking and sputtering, but you don't notice it. That's the power of small changes.

There are other things you notice. Your muscles and back get sore. How is that related?

You take much deeper breaths when you yawn. Just two to three days later your lung capacity seems to increase dramatically. It's beautiful.

I wake up the morning after to sniffles and sneezes as my nose tries to recover from the damage. My nasal passage gets filled with watery, mucusy stuff.. ok i'm done here

Let's head over to etymonline: lazy (adj.)
1540s, laysy, of unknown origin. Replaced native slack, slothful, and idle as the main word expressing the notion of "averse to work." In 19c. thought to be from lay (v.) as tipsy from tip. Skeat is responsible for the prevailing modern view that it probably comes from Low German, cf. Middle Low German laisch "weak, feeble, tired," modern Low German läösig, early modern Dutch leuzig, all of which may go back to the PIE root *(s)leg- "slack." According to Weekley, the -z- sound disqualifies a connection with French lassé "tired" or German lassig "lazy, weary, tired.

AVERSE TO WORK.

The thing about laziness is that it's very subtly made out to be the attribute of a person. She's a lazy person. You're so lazy. Lazy is who you are. Why are you so lazy? What is wrong with you? It's a way of policing people's behaviour. If you don't do the work that is assigned to you, there is something wrong with you.

Before we continue I'd like to make an observation: people described as lazy are rarely universally lazy. People typically do something. A boy might be lazy in school but work incredibly hard when playing World of Warcraft- a game that requires significant effort, practice, skill, focus.

It's very telling to me that a person playing WoW instead of doing his homework is often described as lazy- he's so lazy, he plays games all the time. I find that to be inconsistent. He's not lazy, he's work-averse when it comes to schoolwork. Which I think can be rather rational response to the drudgery of school, within a child's mental framework.

I'm not being prescriptive here. I'm not saying kids should play games or that they should avoid doing homework. I'm trying to describe the situation more accurately so we can so something about it.

If we use the term "work-averse" instead of lazy, we can have much more interesting, useful discussions about people's motivations and behaviour. Laziness puts the burden entirely on the person. Work-averse makes you think and realise that work-aversion is a phenomenon, like when two like magnets repel each other. School is like a magnet that repels some students, and then we ask those students, why are you so repulsive? And of course, the kid doesn't really know. He likes world of Warcraft and hates school, and somehow it's his fault.

Why? Because it's more convenient to blame the kid (and Warcraft!) than the school. Kids who don't like school are just a cost of doing business in the broader public education system. Casualties, roadkill, collateral damage. The system can't afford to humor people who don't fit. It's not malicious or evil, it's just limited.

Ok, I need to refocus my thoughts. My goal in writing this is to persuade you that "lazy" is an overly blunt tool.We do each other a disservice when we use it. It's useful to sort students out, but it's not useful if you want to make a meaningful difference in people's lives, if you want to help them self - actualize.

I don't expect schools to change anytime soon. Some of the frustrations I had as a student were deeply structural, but I didn't have the mental tools then to make sense of it. I just knew I hated school. Now I know why. I hated the hypocrisy of claiming to teach critical thinking but refusing to be questioned. I hated the idea of examinations where you don't have access to references, books, the Internet. I can't think of any genuinely interesting problem that school ever gave me. None of it seemed genuinely practical.

Erm that's not what i want to talk about. Let's explore interesting questions. Why are some kids work-averse in school and others not? How do some kids work incredibly hard even if they hate school?

Perception of reality, tradeoffs, utility

I believe it boils down to the student's perception of reality and imagination of the future. I can think of two sets of students I admire. One is the girl who came from a broken family that was in debt and sometimes didn't even have electricity. She was hardened by life at a tender age and was supremely determined to kick butt. She envisioned an escape route for herself where she would get her A's and a scholarship overseas, and she did just that, in spite of her broken environment. She read a lot of books and fashioned herself a unique mental state which kept her driven. She knew she was different from her friends and couldn't sympathise or commiserate with them. She didn't let anybody hold her down. She had a personal mission/agenda and she achieved it.

While it's a lovely story, she's an exception- most kids from broken homes aren't able to visualize or conceive of an escape. You can fill in the blanks yourself.

Another example is the kid that very comfortably rides the wave of success. Works hard, has life goals, intelligent high - achieving parents and family members. His mum is a pilot, dad is a doctor. Every Chinese new year he's surrounded by graduates and PhDs. When this kid goes to school, he too knows he can't hang out with the "middle" crowd. He has a legacy to live up to. From young, he's been primed to take that graduation photo at Oxford, like his sister and brother before him. There's an empty space on the wall where his graduation photo is supposed to be, and he sees it every day when he comes home from school. He also knows of his career prospects. He knows about the differences between Harvard, Stanford and Yale, and he knows which one he wants to go to.

Both of these kids have something in common that I didn't have: a sense of purpose, a narrative to plug themselves into when the going got tough, something that they had to be responsible for- which would trigger alarm bells in their head if they began to jeopardise it. If you don't have a vision of the future, if you don't have a sense of who you are "supposed to be", then there are no alarm bells. Drink, smoke, be merry. Until, of course, some sort of crisis situation. But you just deal with that, and keep moving along.

Something they don't really teach you in school is that people have dramatically different perceptions and experiences of reality. When I was a kid, luxury meant swensens ice cream. For some kids, luxury is McDonald's. Others go to Holland V and have eggs benedict for $25++ after school. Some kids have parents who are lawyers and surgeons, other kids have parents in jail. This affects their perception of reality tremendously, and than in turn affects how they see themselves in the world, and what they think they ought to be doing with their lives, with their time, with any given day.

I have a lot more to say on the matter, and I know a lot of this isn't entirely accurate or precise, but the point of word vomits is that I blurt things out and edit them later. Let me know your thoughts.

I was watching one of Jon Kabat-Zinn's videos about mindfulness and meditation, and he talked about how we often spend our time fixated on the past or the future, instead of living in the now. He's totally right, of course, and I'm especially guilty of it.

Idealizing or worrying about the future unnecessarily is a form of escapism. I'm going to do this and that when I finally get rich, I'm going to travel to all these places, read all these books... it's great if I take concrete, actionable steps towards making them happen, but otherwise they're just there as a sort of coffeetable display, to communicate what I want to be perceived as. It's wasteful. One should keep one's identity small. It's a less laborious, stressful way to live. Who am I? Don't know! How do I want to be perceived? It doesn't matter! All that matters is now, and how I can live kindly, compassionately, skillfully.

I don't really worry about the future too much. I've always been guilty of thinking that the future will kind of take care of itself, in the "as long as I'm breathing I'm doing okay" kinda way. I tend to worry about the short-term future- what happens when people find out that I'm a fraud? What happens when people realize what a horrible person I am? What will happen when I'm revealed as unreliable, irresponsible, and I lose everything? That's something I worry about when I'm not careful.

But I don't worry about the long-term future too much. I acknowledge the possibility of illness and random unexpected catastrophes- I tend to rehearse in my head for deaths in the family and such... but hey, ultimately the heat death of the universe is going to claim us all, wipe out every last remnant of everything that ever existed. So it doesn't make sense to worry too much.

Ultimately what matters is that we're able to live with ourselves, the decisions we make... it's a matter of working with our biology, isn't it? Riding on the waves of our breaths. That's what life is about. We don't yet have the full ability to remake ourselves entirely, so we have to work with what we have, while we have it. It's a little bit depressing to think about how future generations might have opportunities that we can't even dream of, but hey, our predecessors would've said the same thing about us, and life is a ridiculously, improbably precious gift as it is, anyway. It's so easy to feel all self-important and entitled. I have access to food, shelter, water and an internet connection, which puts me ahead of billions of people in the world. I don't have any right to bitch. Or, more sensibly, even if I COULD bitch, it wouldn't achieve anything. This is the hand I'm dealt- how do I play it well?

Something like that. I don't take much action about my few worries for the future (I need to save more money, I need to get better insurance coverage, stuff like that). But I don't take much action about anything, period- which is something I want to work on fixing at this stage in my life. The sooner the better.

I don't think I overly romanticize the past, or dwell upon it too much, but there's something about the past that bugs me in a way that the future doesn't. I feel like there are things about the past that I need to dig up, dust off and talk about. I feel like there are lessons in there that I have learnt that I haven't quite articulated fully, and that reflecting on my past will give me valuable perspectives and insights. This has been something that I've been carrying on my shoulder ever since... I think National Service. I think the past can and should be mined for insight. Sometimes you think you've thought about a certain period of your life enough, but new experiences and perspectives open up new avenues of inquiry- you can look back on old conflicts and re-interpret them, and see things that you might have missed before.

The goal of all of this, ultimately, is to live better in the now. To make better decisions. To trip up less. To ride more comfortably on the breath. What surprises me, on hindsight? What were the mistakes I was making? What were the biases that I was suffering from? What went wrong, where could I have done better, and how do I use those insights to interpret the present and realize what sort of mistakes I must be making right now?

I think I have a rough idea- now really ought to be the most prolific period of my life, in terms of shit-work or schlep. It might not be the most insightful, the most clever, the most useful material imaginable, but I should be working my butt off to produce as much as I possibly can now... because my output is only going to diminish in the future. The more I write now, the more I will reap later, with interest. That's a mistake I made over and over again in the past. I absolutely squandered my holidays, as well as my little pockets of free time. If I ever had some sort of unfair advantage over my peers, I sincerely believe it stemmed from the vast amount of reading I was doing. I read every night until I fell asleep, and I'd read books everywhere I went- on the bus (constantly missing my stop), and even at family occasions. I think I need to get back into that.

I should also be meeting people regularly, while I'm still young. I should be building relationships now, while I still have energy. I should be exercising more, so that I age more gracefully and am less likely to be impeded by my health.

I really started this vomit with an intention of analysing my past. I was thinking of maybe going through my NS experiences, or my secondary school experiences. I also want to be exploring ideas about procrastination, work-aversion, laziness, etc. I think I will attempt to do them in tandem. Maybe I'll do it chronologically. Either way, what matters is that I keep writing a little bit everyday. Writing is going to be my competitive advantage a decade from now.

According to Evernote, I wrote this in August 2013. Doesn't look like I've ever uploaded it, so... I'll just leave this here and think about the problem of continuity later.

Woke up earlier than usual today which is a good thing but I still left for work at about the same time. I'd like to start going to work earlier, I think it'll make me more productive. I'm a little tired of all the productivity talk though. After a while there are diminishing returns, you stop talking and just do. But this is my daily meditative writing practice so I gotta just go with the flow on this one.

I was reading Tim Harford's Adapt yesterday. It's a great book that describes the importance of careful, randomized trials in making sense of reality and making decisions in complex situations. It reveals the value of good feedback loops and reiteration, and how even the things that we take for granted as successful ir perennial were mostly started by people who had no real idea what they were doing. The world is a lot more volatile and chaotic than the best little narratives we invent to explain it. Ties up nicely with Taleb's ideas about randomness and black swans.

As I was reading though I was reaching chapters that were tackling really big problems- it started with the development of solutions to specific problems in science and engineering, then foreign aid and city development (reminded of Jane Jacobs' the nature of economies, which I have been slowly reading over coffee at JFDI)... When it got to climate change and economic crises, though, I felt an interesting urge to stop reading and do some pushups and some work. I ended up not doing very much work but I did do the pushups and felt better for it.

My thoughts went something like- it would be cool to develop more clarity when thinking about big problems, but those aren't things that I can directly affect by myself. I have smaller problems to worry about that I CAN affect, and I can't do much about the big problems until I get myself in order first. So I'm starting to get into this zone where I'm looking at my information diet and being more mindful of what I'm consuming. I don't have the luxury of sitting around and reading books all day. I have to earn it by first dedicating time and energy- both limited- to the things that really matter. How do I decide what really matters? I have to pick the things that I can influence and focus on those.

I think I'm developing a better sense of what I need to do with my work and the sort of direction I should take. That's quite clear, spending more time on it is procrastination. Next I need to further weed out distractions.

Yesterday I was trying to talk about many things at once but I think the underlying thing I wanted to explore for myself was deciding how to plan one's information diet when indulgences are so pleasurable yet frustratingly ruinous (maybe not for everybody, but definitely for me). I also don't like the idea of being information anorexic as a sort of perverse self-flagellation. Life should be lived. These are the internal political constraints I live with.Perhaps perverse self flagellation might be the global optimal in my life, just as communism as imagines at its finest is the perfect system on paper. But it never works out because people are imperfect, irrational creatures.

Now that's an interesting way of looking at it. I've played around with ideas of individuals being fractals of larger entities but I haven't thought of self-management in the context of political ideology- I liked to think that corporate management gives some clues into personal management, but politics seem to make even more sense. Managing a self is like managing a nation-state, and what is theoretically optimal may not necessarily be implementable because of the messy and inconsistent nature of agents within the system. So I think i can be pretty confident that the development of the self (analogous to the state rather than the nation) will have to take political compromise into account.

Now it gets interesting. Why should I bother so much about the politics of the country when I haven't even fixed the politics within myself? You have to love yourself before you can sustainably love others, you be to be independent before you can inspire independence, if you do no good at least do no harm- and all of this is contingent on the one thing you have the most legitimate claim to dominion over (and even that is debatable) yourself.

Wow. So maybe getting all angry and riled up about singaporean politics, human rights and foreign affairs and whatnot is my way (I can't speak for others) of distracting my populace (me) from the problems at home (me). It's propaganda, smoke and mirrors, symptomatic of denial or a refusal to address actual problems... because those with political power (the conscious decision-making present self) benefits at the expense of the rest of me (unconscious, future, powerless, marginalized.)

That's the source of unhappiness and general malaise in me- the state is fucking the people, denying them the right to grow, to flourish, to criticize policies. There is no democracy here, it's a dictatorship. Without internal transparency, the welfare of the person-state is determined largely by foreign affairs with other person-states... so it's phenomenally important to spend time around good people.

But the transparency bit is so important. We have to allow for the flourishing of that within us that is greater than us. Life is miserable otherwise. So when we fantasize about being some sort of leader... we already are. We lead ourselves. And the "selves" in this case is/are more than just the conscious person who takes credit for things. We lead a whole group of people in our head- the musician, the writer, the lover, the friend, the laborer, the hunter, the chef, the conversationalist, etc.

Clearly the language we have for talking about ourselves and our internal worlds are horribly, horribly limited. But yeah my inability to lead myself hurts others. I'm less of a friend, husband and colleague than I ought to be because of a failure of personal leadership. A failure to recognize that even when I'm absolutely alone, there are persons within me who are counting on me to help them realize their potential and/or desires. A part of me wants to travel, but I typically squash that guy out of my mind because it is a distraction from what my conscious decides is best.

It seems obvious that the conscious really ought to consult the subconscious more, because the non-conscious has the power to make the conscious feel really, really shitty. They can hold the person-state hostage and everything can go to shit. I think that's at least vaguely how some suicides happen, or depression.

Of course for the sake of brevity and conceptual limitations I've spoken about this entirely within the context of an individual person-state. That's like discussing a nation-state independently of international affairs. The result is an oversimplified model... we can't explain and understand people in vacuums, we have to take broader inter-personal and social phenomena into account. Just as international affairs can help or screw up a country, so too can people screw up other people.

Something like that.

The following is a composite of 3 different notes I wrote in my Evernote that I never published, all around November 2013. I feel that they are worth reexamining, which is what I'm doing these vomits for.

Deactivated Facebook again last night. Or was it the night before? I feel like a much happier, lighter, kinder and more thoughtful person for it, and my wife agrees. I'm not even particularly interested in studying the reasons why- it has to do with the structure of the place, the nature of the game, the architecture, how it affects behaviour.

Everything is a game and you have to choose your games wisely. I deleted quora and tumblr from my phone, so now the only way I spend time on my phone is either reading (I'm currently barrelling through Venkat Rao's stuff- I was previously reading Paul Graham) or writing, which I'm doing right now. A simple yin-yang of reading and writing, learning and doing, acting and reflecting.

Quitting smoking has made me more conscious of my health and hygiene then I was before I started. I wonder if any Antifragile concepts apply here. I used to sometimes skip brushing my teeth, and I never flossed. I'd also drink lots of sugary drinks. As a smoker, your mouth is an ash tray anyway. Once in a while if I smoked too much I'd scrape the icky yellow film off my tongue with the side of a pair of tweezers. It was disgusting and smelt like death.  Every do you do then? You smoke another cigarette- cleaning your tongue lets you taste the cigarette better, and sinultaneously numbs you to the signals your body is sending you. This is part of why it's hard to quit- when you do step outside the cave, the world is painfully, unbearably bright- and so you rush right back in.

I need to eliminate tumblr, Quora etc from work, and I'm going to use the tomato.es system to get chunks of work done. It's embarrassing that I still haven't gotten to a stable system of work that I'm comfortable with that also has a decent ROI... sometimes my vomits feel like the most productive parts of my day. This should not be the case.

I was thinking about peer pressure. I was revisiting some elon musk quotes that I've been putting together and I found myself getting naturally rather pumped up- I had a pretty productive day self-management wise- I tidied up my drafts in a major way. How much does that matter? It's not the same as doing your best work but it's better than procrastinating completely.

The idea is to reconstruct yourself. Why do it? Partially because you can. Partially because you're curious. Partially because you don't like the precise mix of your identity and self at a given moment. Something about you causes you pain, anguish, suffering, embarrassment. That same thing diminishes your joy, your passion, your beauty.

There is always a resistance, and with good reason- (or at least, it used to have a good reason. Circumstances have changed faster than we typically do). Drastic change can be damaging, hurtful, shocking. But they applies both to change from without and change from within. And internal change needs to be sustainable or you'll revert to your last backup/saved state. External change doesn't give a shit about you. The world will move on whether you're ready or not. This is a source of anxiety. What matters is being able to act, firmly, boldly.

Need/want to dramatically increase output.

Lately I've been getting increasingly obsessed with making sense of large numbers. I feel like it's important. Amazon made 61 billion in revenue last year. A manned mission to mars costs about 230 billion. There are 7 billion people in the world.

I want to understand history, civilizations, shipping, air travel, the global economy. Statement is probably worth 10,000 sgd. My house costs about 300,000. My company is probably worth about 1,000,000, maybe more. I know you can't put a price on things, but too often we use that as an excuse to not even try. Visakanv.com is probably worth 2000, 3000... but who would buy it? It's value exists only to me. Would i sell it for 10,000? Erm I can save the data. I can start over.i deactivated my Facebook- how much were my connections worth? No matter, I can recreate them.

We are all salesmen, we are all traders.

I make a salary. Could I get more than I'm worth at the moment? Could I deliver more? How much is each hour of my life worth at the moment? How much am I burning when I spend time on reddit, quora, etc? How much are my books worth?

Time is money in the sense that money can pay off grunt work, free up space.

I used to smoke about 2 packs a week. I get a little breathless thinking about it. I remember my monthly expenses for smoking when I was in NS were 70-100 bucks a month. That's about 4 nice meals at moderately pricey places, or maybe 1-2 really lavish ones- things I never did until I became a working adult. And I kinda regret it a little, I didn't realize what I was missing out on. It's worth skipping 4-5 mcdonalds meals to eat somewhere nicer than swensens or pastamania. I never had a poached egg in my life until I was 23. Didn't know what I was missing out on. That said most 23 year olds probably don't know what it's like to be paying off a mortgage that's supposed to take 30 years to fully pay off.

(Wow this feels good. I like doing vomits.)

You should travel alone or with trusted friends as early as you can. Live on your own as early as you can. Understand how you correspond to reality. The shelter of a parent is misleading. If you have a pet, clean its shit yourself. It'll teach you something. HAH so that's where parents develop their "it builds character" shtick. I don't care about character- it's about decision-making skills. Or are they the same thing? You have to live in your own filth and be forced to deal with it. It's simple economics really. Nothing good comes out of having other people clean your shit- everybody should work a shitty service job.

Anyway. How much does an smrt train cost? What about the mrt network? How much revenue does the public transport system make a day? How many employees do they have? How many policemen are there in Singapore? How about in the world? How many ipods? What's a gallon in litres? (Had to look that up- 3.785.) A mile is 1.6km. A yard is .9 meters, so the whole 9 yards is 8.1 meters.

Marina bay sands cost S$8 billion. The land cost 1.2 billion sgd. Esplanade cost sgd 0.6 billion.

Largest container ship- maersk triple E: 18, 000 boxes, which can contain 895,000,000 bananas. 0.89 billion bananas. How many bananas can a person eat in her lifetime?

20 of these triple-e ships cost 3.8 billion USD to build. They weigh 55,000 tonnes each. Built by Koreans. (Europeans too expensive. Chinese insufficient tech.)

20 million containers out at sea right now. There are over 600 million containers in existence.

10, 000 containers go missing every year. That's about 70 a day. "Low probability things happen all the time."

About 5000 commercial planes in the air right now. How many container ships?

Cheaper to ship scottish cod over 10,000 miles- 16, 000 km- to china for filleting and back than it is to have it done in scotland. Shipping is practically free.

Only 5% of containers are physically inspected.

In 2 years a ship travels to the moon, back and to the moon again.

98% of shipworkers are male. 33% are filipino.

Freight prices were about 5usd a ton in the 50s. Now its about 0.16 usd per ton.

The US navy helped to get it right, and it's standardised internationally. Since the 70s?

1980: 100 million tonnes of cargo.
2012: 1, 500 million tonnes.

How much does an escalator cost? An mrt gantry? A public phone? How many cars are there in SG, in the world? Cement trucks? Lorries? How much does block 71 cost? An elevator?

I feel so horribly illiterate.
More from the series of "I'm publishing stuff I wrote but didn't publish". This was from November 2013.

Sleep deprived. Contemplative. I find myself thinking about people. Specifically, the people I have coexisted with in some way, family not included. It's strange what lingers in the mind, little random facts. What cigarette somebody smoked. A comment somebody left on an old livejournal. All these seemingly random snapshots of a life. I'm feeling pretty sentimental.

It's almost sad how arbitrarily my brain attributes meaning. What matters, and what doesn't? Memories aren't retrieved, they're reconstructed. Why do I reconstruct the things that I do?

I don't know, of course. But what convenient explanation am I likely to construct?

I need to sleep but I can't so I'll just vomit until I find myself falling asleep. Vomit by the way simply means to spew forth, it doesn't necessarily have to involve the gastric variety. See also: misconception about roman vomitoriums.

I was feeling wistful and sentimental today, which I resolved largely by having casual Whatsapp conversations with a couple of friends. I had initially wanted to channel that anxious energy into writing, but I was tired and sleep-deprived and maybe I just don't quite feel the burn.

This is a constant concern for me (especially because it ISN'T a constant concern for me. So meta.) My boss has reminded me on several occasions that I have a terribly lax attitude when it comes to deadlines. He asks "how come alarms don't go off in your head?"

It's a good question. This seems to be a deep rooted complex and systematic problem that I have that runs deep into my brain. It's simple from the outside, the way depression is a simple problem- "you just need to cheer up". It's a messy convoluted problem that's extensive and multifaceted. And I think I want to solve it. I think I've spent a lot of time and energy waffling around claiming that I want to solve it, perhaps even at the expense of actually solving it. A part of me clearly doesn't want it solved- and I literally have to drag that part of me out of myself and destroy it.

Destruction always feels like a cruel, merciless thing. It's so easy to romanticize your inner saboteur. He's the joker to your batman. How can you kill him? What would you do without him? Well... you don't know. And the unknown is always frightening. You know that the first few steps beyond the Cave are excruciating, so you need a really good plan if you want to escape it for good. No ten step program is really going to dig deep and strike the heart of the problem.

The heart of hearts, the most fundamental root that I cannot leave unaddressed, the flag I have to capture and then consecrate and guard and secure with all my being and all the external and situational help I can get: is to decide that I want the Saboteur dead. No compromise. I have to crush him with great cruelty. Inaction is crueler. I have made similar decisions on maybe two occasions- deciding that a friendship was toxic, and deciding to quit smoking. In both cases it involved driving a dagger into the heart of something that I had associated positive feelings with, that I cherished and felt good about, that were a part of my identity.

These baby steps give me hope- I've never been good at first principles, I operate primarily through analogy- and these parallel experiences tell me that 1, it can be done, and 2, I will ultimately be happier for it. And happiness is worth fighting for. Even if it's not happiness- I will be more productive, I will be a more useful member of society, and that's worth fighting for. I will be richer and have more freedom, and that's worth fighting for. Above all else, though, it will be INTERESTING- and within the context of a limited and arguably meaningless life-I think interestingness is with fighting for.

Happier, more useful to the world- I want to be useful, remember? One of my innermost epiphany realizations- I want to be useful. Freedom. (Wealth is options, so time is wealth, health is wealth, and wealth is freedom). Interesting. I love my life when I'm exploring my curiosity.

So on one hand we have a life that's meh, unhappy, miserable, frustrating, boring, beholden, useless, wasteful. Constant firefighting, running and hiding. On the other, a life that is interesting, useful, bright, compelling, challenging, rich. Growth, learning and building.

The difference is the presence of the saboteur in the first, and his absence in the latter. It's a toxic relationship that I have to do away with for my own sanity and health (the chronic stressors of ceaseless firefighting are horrible for health in the long run).

So the decision is clear and I have to keep it clear. I have to write this out and tape it to my table at work, and on my walk at home. This is the central struggle of my life thus far- my quest for heroism made me seek out external enemies to conquer, but the only enemy is within, and he benefits from my slovenly attitude. He thrives in the dark recesses of my mind, and withers away under scrutiny. The challenge is to maintain that scrutiny at a daily level. I've literally spent 9 months talking about this- I meet the boss for a chat every 2 weeks, which means I've met him about 18 times, and this is what we discuss every single time. It's goddamn boring and an huge insult to his limited time. It's freaking daycare. If I get this out of the way we can move on to rocket science (or whetever comes before).

The saboteur knows that no other human can spend all their time and energy watching me. Everybody's got their own life to worry about. He also assumes that I won't do anything about it- that I'm a willing accomplice to his bullshit. He calls my bluff. He knows my weaknesses. He knows I'll give in after a while. He appeals to my "ah fuck it, life is never going to be more than this anyway" side. You live, you die, why bother?

Fuck you saboteur. Life is precious as hell so I AM going to bother. I quit smoking because I hated the damage it was doing to my mouth, teeth, body, face. I started to see the chains. It's the same with the saboteur, only the damage is psychological. I don't want to live in fear and anxiety and guilt. 20 years is more than enough. I refuse to continue to be this way into my 30s. I should resolve this shit before I'm 25 and then spend my years helping others out of the same mess, and together we can achieve wonders. And sleep a blissful, happy sleep. And die with a smile at a life well lived.

Ok so it's clear. The saboteur has to die. No wavering on this anymore. No if, no but, no romanticizing. He's a dead man, he just doesn't know it yet. The clock is ticking.

Now I have to draw up battle plans. A straight up 1-1 fight won't achieve anything. He knows me better than I do- the subconscious is wiser and better informed than the conscious, has more bandwidth, more power. I'm a small team of noobs against a vast uncaring ediface. I need a plan. I have limited resources so I need to focus all my time and energy into delivering a knockout punch of some sort, at some scale. I have to figure out some semblance of a weak spot and cut him where he bleeds heavily.

Alternatively, I have to sneak away from his presence. I have to make a drastic adjustment to my working style. Just as I deactivated Facebook and left my smoker circle of friends, I will have to go dark. Yes. I cannot attempt to fight him on his battlefield- I have lost the battle of wills every time. He's stronger. I cannot let him move at all. I'm writing this on my smartphone. Maybe I'll do my work writing on my smartphone too. Why the fuck not? I can't afford to pretend I know anything at all about doing battle with this sonovabitch. He fucks with my head. I can't use my gut feeling- he's tampered with it, corrupted it. Tainted.

What do I have then? I have to fight with my "eyes" closed. I have to remove my personal agency from the equation. I have to study the evidence.

What does the evidence suggest? I write in vast quantities when I'm offline, with pen+paper or my evernote app on my phone. I get bursts of inspiration after a short walk and immersion into JFDI, which reminds me of the outside world. I get bursts of inspiration after reading books or blogposts- I ultimately synthesize those things rather than come up with "purely original" ideas. So these are the principles I have to work with.
Still publishing old stuff. Nov 2013.

Yesterday the wife went out, leaving me alone at home- which I thought would be a great opportunity to get a chunk of work done. Except I didn't really. I actually downloaded an emulator + rom (streets of rage and genesis, if anybody's curious.) It's a game I spent a lot of my childhood playing. I'm pretty good at it. If I really focus, I should be able to complete the entire game on hard difficulty. The US version is very punishing in a bad way- baddies do a lot of damage. Using your power attack when it's not ready costs very little. So the best tactic against bosses tends to be to abuse your power move. Some of the grab functionality glitches when you're attacking multiple enemies. It's actually not a very great game- something like minion rush is comparatively more satisfying.

I don't know. I feel like I shouldn't play games anymore because it's all a lie, a farce. The only games worth playing, according to my rational mind, are games with compelling narratives like Mass Effect, Dragon Age. Things like Uncharted are thrilling, but they don't really make me grow or learn as a person. What is it with me and this endless insistence on learning and growth, yet why do I relapse into my base pleasures over and over again?

Is that question even worth answering? increasingly I am certain that environment is all that counts- or in a less reductive sense, it is the final decider, the influencer of behaviour. I'm reading JKG's anatomy of power and he talks about 3 kinds of power, which I'll simplify as carrot, stick and peer pressure. The last one is the most interesting because it doesn't require brute force (punishment) or economic assets (reward). It just requires an alternative, superior arrangement of existing elements. That's exciting, empowering. Make quick simple modifications in your moments of clarity to set up buoys for your future in darkness.

So while I did relapse into playing the game,  I'm going to go home and delete it. Those few puffs didn't taste good to me, I no longer get off on it. I need to clarify my mess- how long am I going to talk about clarifying my mess? I was tracking many different things on my beeminder- I still am, but now it feels a little overwhelming. Should I really be taking my guitar playing and my reading? It feels a little suffocating right now, though perhaps that's because I've got a couple of other things going on in my life that's stressing me out.

I love the idea of "order of neglect", which is- what are the vital things you keep running when stuff goes awry? What do you do when the shit hits the fan, what do you shut down, and in what order? Clearly, I shut down guitar playing and then reading. Sleep is most important of all. Then exercise, healthy eating. Then I think should be meditation and writing, and "management". Then comes reading.

My problem is self-evident here: I don't meditate. I don't write at the volumes I know I can write at. I don't take stock regularly- I only do it when stuff starts to fall apart. So my problem is... multifaceted: wrong tempo, not enough prioritization on the meditation/writing/management. If I can commit to that- just that- then everything will be okay.

I keep talking about wanting to refactor my blog, but I'm taking way too long to do that. I'm postponing to a non-existent future. It's a sort of escapism. What's the littlest thing I can do to make a step forward? Get the landing page done.

The novel begins with pain. Your stomach falls out from underneath you, suddenly, like one of those people sitting on one of those "hit-the-target-and-dunk-the-person" chairs at carnivals. You realise the world is fundamentally indifferent and very fucking unfair.

When you were a teenager you might've thought that the world was against you. Fuck the System. Rage Against The Machine, man! Throw it on the ground!

The truth is a little less boring and a whole lot more painful: the world is not against you. The world simply doesn't care. Sometimes it might FEEL like the world is going "your way", or that it might be "against you". These are just feelings. Illusions that we conjure up so our puny brains can construct narratives that make sense.

I saw a guy tweet "My wife got in this horrible accident but was unharmed! There is a God!" Well, I'm glad she's safe and you're happy and cheerful, mister, but you just took a big steaming shit on every child born with horrible, painful ailments that choke them to death. Walk through a children's hospital, meet the disabled, the destitute. You'll see. There is no God. There is no Devil. We made it all up to feel better about ourselves.

I can't even be resentful about it. There's nothing to resent. There isn't a villain to overthrow. It's just us, we're just glorified pond scum- miserable little shits.

Consider this- anybody can get killed. You're just a head injury away from being a completely different person. Whatever you're happy or sad about, you might find out tomorrow that you have cancer. I kinda wish I had cancer. More precisely I wish I could take it away from somebody who deserves a cancer-free life more than I do, someone who can bring more salvation or joy to this forsaken rock. There are thousands of kids who might go on to do great things with their lives but they never will. You know why? Because war, poverty, disease, corruption. Because humans are assholes. Nature is plain indifferent. Humans could mitigate some of the risk with science and research but most of us don't really give a shit. We wish we did but we don't.

I don't deserve anything I have that's worth having. I whine and bitch and cry about problems that others would kill to have. All in all I'm an utter waste of the space I've been given.

I bought a flat. Home ownership is awesome, once you get past the realization that you now owe HDB hundreds of thousands of dollars. It's amazing to wake up in your own home. I love having friends over- they're able to relax to a degree that they wouldn't be able to if we were at somebody's parent's place. I love being in control of my environment. I love having a safe place I can be myself, I can completely, fully relax without having to worry about what other people might think. Everybody should live alone if they get the chance to. You get to learn more about yourself, confront yourself, see yourself.

I got a full-time job and transitioned directly into the working world. I have bills to pay now. I love my job and have awesome colleagues, but nobody quite prepared me for the soul-crushing that is daily public transportation. Every day I see adults with their eyes glazed over. They're insulating themselves from one another, from the reality that there's no way humans were meant to be stuffed into MRT carriages the way we are.

Living on a "working adult" schedule makes me realize how very important it is to manage your time well. I actively rebelled against this in school, because I felt like I didn't want to work on anybody else's schedule. I wanted to be a "free spirit". Years of procrastination later, I realize that I'm a creature of habit like anyone else. In the absence of good habits, we fall into bad ones. As a result, I've found it hard to do the work that I want to do- my history and habit of disobedience extended to myself. Or, more accurately, my "disobedience" was really just fanatical, obsessive devotion to a very small subset of myself I now personify as "The Bum".

And being a slave to The Bum is no different from being a slave to The System.

I quit smoking. Well... mostly. I started smoking on-and-off in 2006 or 2007, after I finished my O Levels. I didn't think of myself as a smoker at first, I'd just bum sticks from my bandmates after jam sessions. Then I started hanging out with the smokers in JC. I was never a "core member" of that group- or of any group, really- but it gave me a sense of control over my life.

I hated school, I hated studying, but I could self-medicate and modify my mental state at my anytime with the psychoactive stimulant. It was solace, companionship, social lubricant, something to look forward to. It felt like I was in control. The lows felt more poignant, the highs felt amplified. But it progressively desensitized me, and after about 5 years, the damage was undeniable. My lips were charred, my teeth were stained. I had horrible breath. My gums were receding. My eyes and skin dried out. I had spent thousands of dollars.

I attempted to quit several times before, every so often, but it's incredibly hard when all your close friends smoke too. In the end, the things that helped me quit the most were- having my own place, which I don't want to smoke in, and having colleagues who don't smoke.

I still do bum a cigarette every so often, admittedly. But I am done with the idea of cigarettes punctuating my life. It very quickly turns into an abusive relationship if you're not careful.

I quit Facebook. Well... mostly. I deactivated my account altogether for 3 months or so. I was a huge Facebook addict prior to that. I took a lot of pride in being really good at arguing with people online. I was the "Actually..." guy. It was a significant part of my self-worth. I left because I was getting incredibly frustrated with all the personal attacks that were being thrown about. I hated getting so personally involved in petty arguments. Eventually, it's all about winning.

Facebook is largely about performance and identity creation- everything anybody does there is largely calculated (even if it's entirely subconscious) to create social capital. It's all a game, really, and it's incredibly addictive, immersive and draining. I decided it was too much for me and got out. Now I log into Facebook once in a while to see if I'm missing anything. It usually just reminds me of how much more peaceful and pleasant my life is without it.

Advice for anybody else nursing a Facebook addiction: Post as little as possible, because everything you post is an expression of personal identity, and the more of yourself you put out there, the more you have to defend in the constant game of comparisons and oneupmanship. You almost certainly have better things to do. Realize that it's not personal- everybody just wants to be loved, everybody just wants to be acknowledged as smart, beautiful, cultured, "with it", "okay".

Once you recognize the mass charade for what it is, it's very hard to get back into it without feeling a little silly. You always have something better to do with your life than show off on the internet.

If I have to focus on one thing that I've learnt, it's that our ideas about our own identities are very, very limited. You are not your cigarettes. You are not your Facebook profile. You are not your marital status. You are not your address. You are not your nationality, your race, your sexuality, your gender- these things may define you, and they may be things that you take great pride in, but you are always indescribably more than that. If you don't acknowledge this, you'll inadvertently pigeonhole yourself and allow your circumstances to limit and shape you.

You are not your circumstances, you are not your job, you are not your friends. You are thoughts and actions, habits, routines, patterns of behaviour. And all of that can change. You don't have to hate yourself. You don't have to be a slacker. You don't have to be an automaton. You don't have to be any one thing at all.

Definitions exist as shorthand, for quick and convenient decision-making. But living with yourself, loving yourself, getting to know yourself... these are pursuits in which shorthand simply will not do. Life is an indescribably precious opportunity, it's so goddamn rich and succulent, and we do ourselves a horrible disservice by thinking that what we are at any given instant is all we'll be.

We're more than that.

"Great new things come from the margins" -pg

Public schools are a recent phenonena in the context of human civilization. Literacy used to be coupled to monarchy, clergy, aristocracy. Schools as we see them today were revolutionary when they were introduced- meant to keep children from stealing laborers jobs, meant to train them to be cogs in the machine. Mind you, this was a good thing then. The machine had a shortage of cogs, and rewarded cogs handsomely. Today, there is an oversupply of cogs. Kids understand this.

There's a general phenomena of migrant children working harder in schools than cushy, comfy kids. There are kids in China and India who'll whoop everybody's asses with their incredible work ethic. I'm tempted to see this more as a consequence of their circumstances rather than any intrinsic quality- they work harder because it is rational for them to do so, the payoffs, etc favor that. Maybe it's dependence on parents and a need to prove themselves. A greater sense of responsibility, burden, purpose. Maybe it's a clearer sense of "I can improve my station in life by working hard." I don't know. It's complex.

The point is we have an oversupply of cogs now- and for a lot of the newer cogs, it's rational to work hard to be the best, because the improvement in quality of life is tremendous. For the middle class cogs, its just misery- a lifetime of shitty work for a not-much-less-shittier life. Who wants that? It's really more rational to seek the simpler, more inmediate and dependable pleasures- cigarettes, tv, reddit, porn, etc. There are hundreds of thousands of young people like this in the world and I see them on reddit and tumblr everyday. School, in its current incarnation, is just a shitty deal for them. They suffer from learned helplessness- something the migrant kids don't have, because the relationship between efforr and payoff is clearer for the latter group. (This is just armchair analysis- I could be wrong. I invite your criticism. Specifically, I'm eager to hear your alternate theories to the general malaise and ennui of today's young students in the developed world. Why are so many of them so miserable?)

On to disruption. We're starting to develop a clearer picture of how disruption happens. Self-disruption almost never happens. Industry leaders are invested in their built-up solution, and are unable to take the risks necessary to try a primitive, childish, untested new industry... until it wipes them out. Kodak would never have invested in digital cameras. Railway companies did not get into air travel. Nokia's dominance in phones got crushed when smartphones came about. None of the traditional media companies were particularly involved in social media initially.

Similarly, schools will get disrupted by something outside of the existing school paradigm. How will that play out? I can't be sure, because disruption is never clearly obvious until it's too late. But here's how I see it happening. Some small group of people is going to have remarkable results. It's members are going to be more creative, more skilled, and most importantly, more valued in the marketplace. Maybe a bunch of musicians are going to become marketing maestros, creating a ton of value. Maybe a bunch of after-school coders are going to build startups and get acquired, bypassing the entire degree-resume industrial complex. Degrees and resumes communicate pathetically little information in a search-savvy world. I'm not saying they're entirely useless- being skilled with a sword is an indicator of physical strength, discipline, practice and a bunch of other virtues. But you're still probably going to get screwed in a gunfight. Thing is, in this metaphor, guns are still toys- little entertaining oddities. The airplane was initially thought to have no military value.

All that matters for survival in this massive human farm is your ability to create value. Schools don't really teach you that, they teach you to follow instructions and to be interchangeable. To be a cog. In the past, being a good cog was synonymous with being a value creator. Today, I'm not so sure.

What is the value you create in the world, which you ultimately exchange for goods and services, security? How did school help you do that?

There will always be room in the world for institutions of learning and skill acquisition. Doctors will need to go to medical school. Until, maybe, we have machines and robots render large quantities of them irrelevant. Lawyers will need to go to law school. Until we develop superior means of resolving disputes. Neither of those things is going to happen overnight, of course, but we have to remember that professions, jobs don't last forever. They didn't always exist- they were a recent human invention- and their golden era may be up, or at least waning.

If I could go back in time, I'd have spent more time writing. I'd have spent more time playing music, practicing. I'd have read more books. I'd have taught myself enough programming to do some data mining. I'd have taught myself enough design skills to make simple infographics.

Consider the convergence of academia and business. As things get more data driven- consider how Facebook and Twitter and OKCupid have access to social data that social scientists can only dream of- it will be clear that the best place to study such social phenomena will be within those organizations. Musicians no longer need to depend on record labels, writers can now self-publish, and a lot of learning- both for pleasure and personal economic gain- can and will happen outside of school.

I hated school as a kid. I much prefer the "real world", even with bills, because I am much closer to the value I create in the world. Increasingly, education will move away from the artificially cloistered tutorial/training zones of schools. I imagine it'll look more like a general layer over the world. I've noticed students from UNT on multiple tweet chats, learning about marketing and social media from people actually working in the field. This is going to be a more widespread thing, I think.

It's 230am and I can't seem to get to sleep so I figure that I might as well do a word vomit and get as much out of my head as possible.

I didn't really do a year - in - review for 2013, which is something I might regret years down the road when I wish I had some signposts to look back on. So maybe let's do a quick summary now.

I've been married for a year. Marriage is hard, even with your best friend. Because people are just hard, period. It's hard enough to live with oneself, it's amazing that we manage to live with others. I think I've learnt to be a little more responsible. I've still got a long way to go. I'm still a very selfish person who needs to learn to think about others before myself. I was never really trained to, I never really learned to.

I think getting employed has helped me with that. I'm incredibly privileged to have the colleagues and working environment that I do. My work feels significant, I feel significant. Re-reading The Mundanity of Excellence makes me realise that my new group of peers might just be the best thing in my life for my personal development, across pretty much all spheres. My colleagues are teaching me to be more focused, more disciplined, to have a more can-do attitude. I'm learning so much. The only thing that sucks about work is my daily commute, and I think I've kinda ameliorated that by using the time to read and/or write. I think I've become a better writer and thinker, and I've learned quite a bit. Maybe I should write an internal essay about what I've learned from a year's work.

Life has been hard, but in a good way- the way life for a wild animal is harder than life for a domesticated one. There are more stressors, but they make me feel alive. The central challenge of not letting the world dehumanise you still remains, but I think rose-tinted glasses make me underestimate how much of a problem that used to be, and what I used to get stressed about. I used to panic every morning that I hadn't done my homework. I used to panic when I woke up late to go to camp during my NS. This sort of guilty panic has been a regular feature of my life and I intend to systematically eliminate it by being more responsible about the things that matter and by giving less of a shit about things that don't matter.

Which brings me to Facebook. I started using it in 2007, became a "power user" around 2010, and I was completely hooked. I'd stay up late to be on Facebook. I'd be late for stuff because I was arguing with people on Facebook. I developed a bunch of useful skills during that time which I think are serving me pretty well in my line of work, but I think I started experiencing major diminishing returns. Facebook is all about co-creating identities, and it's very easy to get caught up in it. For me, at least. I was the equivalent of a Facebook alcoholic- it was the lens through which I was viewing the world. I would scheme and plan and figure out how to game the system, how to play to the audience and win their approval. I'm okay, you're okay. I got sick of it when it started to get really intense- people getting very personal about political stuff, lots of angry arguments and attacks- it was affecting my work. I couldn't focus. So I deactivated my account, and the months that followed were characterised by bliss. Once you walk away from it all, suddenly anybody spending time on it looks really silly, like an addict or substance abuser of sorts. I know that sounds unfair and spiteful and holier-than-thou, but that was my experience.

I would later experience something similar when I stopped smoking cigarettes- suddenly everybody smoking cigarettes looked really sad and pathetic, dependent on an abusive substance. Again, I'm no better than anybody else, but I experienced myself thinking those thoughts, having those perceptions. It's probably some kind of defensive mechanism that my pathetic ego puts up to feel better about itself, and I'll be the first to admit that it's a damned shame. I reactivated my Facebook every so often since, but time and space away from the herd allowed me to disengage, and it no longer felt like a comfortable space for me. I felt like the blinders had been taken off and I could no longer find comfort in the reassurance of the Likes of others. A beautifully crafted status update might entertain others for a little bit, but it has diminishing returns- you're better off using that time to build something truly meaningful to you. For a while I wanted to write a sort of "guide out of Facebook" or something of the sort but now I feel like I don't have the time- I need to focus on doing stuff that matters more, ie. my work. Only after I truly crush and dominate what I'm doing at work will I truly feel like I have the legitimacy to say what I want to say- until then it's still a circlejerk.

A blogpost I wrote for work made me realise or rediscover that asking good questions is a phenomenally powerful skill. Everybody should be asking questions everyday. Questions are how we explore and discover ourselves and the world around us. When we stop questioning we fall into rigid routines and patterns, we go through the motions of saying what we think we ought to say. A good question upsets all of that. A good question inspires curiosity and excitement, encourages thinking and tinkering. The best questions trigger conceptual collisions that create nothing short of Art. Knowing this, I think it's everybody's civic duty to ask as many questions as possible. I think we should be farming and cultivating questions. Quora, Reddit and Hacker News are all doing this to some degree, as do most forums of all kinds around the world, but I think it could still be a little more deliberate.

We can and should encourage better questions, unique questions that probe into previously unexplored territory. The role of the artist is to help us look at things with new eyes- to see the familiar in an unfamiliar light, and the vice versa. Many questions get repeated. Google gets tonnes of searches every second- what are the most common questions? What are the most common questions that have the least satisfactory answers? What are the best questions ever asked in the history of humanity? How do we ask better questions? How do we encourage more people to ask better questions? Quora has top writers, for instance, but who are the top askers? We're often limited by our own experiences and perspectives, which is why people travel, take drugs, watch movies, read novels- we want to be confronted with questions that sweep us away in their magnificence, questions that make us lose ourselves in the fascinating pursuit of answers.

This can sound all spiritual and new-agey but it has some very practical applications. At the simplest, questions are "ooh, what does this button do?" Or what happens if we push it harder? Faster? Use more power? What if we had to do it in half the time? That's how we learn, right? What happens when we tweak the input? How does the output change? What is the relationship between the variables? Under what conditions does it break or fail? Why? What does that tell us about how it's made, how it works? What are the flaws? How can we make it more robust? More powerful? More palatable? What are the tradeoffs? What are the limitations?

Questions are the tools we use to carve out understanding from imprecise, vague chaos and noise. Questions give us power. They help us make sense of things. So you're screwed when you stop asking questions.

So here are my questions to you:

What are the best questions anybody's ever asked you? What made those particularly memorable, useful or important? What do you think it was about them that made them ask you that?

What are the best questions you've ever asked? Why did you ask them? What were the circumstances or conditions that led to you asking them?

What are the questions you ought to be asking yourself now, but aren't? (Why aren't you asking those questions? What can you do to fix that, now and in the long term?)

What are the questions you ought to be asking your peers, your colleagues, your boss, your spouse, your friends, your family? What's the most important question nobody's asked you? What are you going to do about it?

I have always admired your writing.
There are few things I'm more excited about than Tesla Motors. The company is committed to pulling the future forward to meet the present by accelerating the development of electric cars.

Tesla's Model S is the safest car on the planet. Despite this, the few accidents and fires that the cars have gotten into have received a disproportionate amount of media coverage. In response, CEO Elon Musk wrote this blogpost which details how the cars are getting a defensive upgrade, despite already being the safest car in the world.

I find that exhilarating. Here's  a comment on Hacker News that perfectly explains why:
This is what you get when a company/group/effort/community is lead by a "benevolent dictator" - someone with an absolutely pure vision of what they want their output to look like and the autonomy and strength to make it so no matter what.

I love this... I actually love that it probably pissed off Musk to no end the amount of attention the fires got and out of spite he went totally over the top and added ballistic plating to the bottom of the car as a super-constructive "fuck you" to everyone that bitched about it.

I am picturing this same thing happening at Chrysler or GM and I think 9 out of 10 CEOs would just let the whole non-issue blow over and go back to business - and the 1 CEO that would try and push for a ridiculous over-engineering solution like this would probably get shot down by the board.

That's why I like this, it's going way above and beyond because he can and because he believes in the vision he is selling so firmly that there is no wiggle room: "My cars are the best and goddamnit, I'm going to make them the best."
I can think of two other examples that remind me of this. Apple under Steve Jobs, and Singapore under Lee Kuan Yew.

I'll talk about Steve Jobs first. A lot of people have pointed out on multiple occasions that Steve Jobs could be a very rude, hostile, unlikeable person. He cheated Steve Wozniak out thousands of dollars, and did a bunch of really nasty things. Hardly a "benevolent" guy.

But "benevolent" in this case isn't about personality. It's about the relationship that a person has with the company or organization that she's helming. The conventional dictator (think of any failed state) is one who extracts value from the State or Company to fatten her own wallet, at the expense of everyone else around her.

A benevolent dictator is one who uses her influence and power to enrich the State or Company. I don't think anybody can dispute that this is what Steve Jobs did. His relentless commitment to "insanely great", however pathalogical it was, put Apple on the map. It catalyzed and midwifed the Mac, the iPod, the iPhone.

Sure, in all of those cases Jobs got more credit than was due, but I think that's just a common human failing. The media can always take the trouble to emphasize how many people are involved in Apple's success, but it's easier to  I think it's reasonably fair to say that Apple was better off with Jobs than without him. I'm writing this blogpost on a MacBook Air. I am a benefactor of Steve's reality distortion field.

It's pretty clear to me that Elon Musk today has similar tendencies. His ridiculous obsession with making electric cars work goes above and beyond the call of duty. You can see him get emotional and tear up when talking about how car dealerships are cheating the American people. To quote Jalopnik:
 Even when it brings out his Nixonian tendencies, Musk is more than just a CEO — he's a passionate defender of his company and his product, and he deeply wants to see it succeed.

I'm also reminded of Neil Tyson's passion for science and education, and how outraged he gets, how frustrated he is that the world doesn't fully appreciate the splendour of Space. Watch "We Stopped Dreaming".So. Much. Passion. Tyson doesn't run an organization, though. He's an educator. So that makes him a bit different.

Another guy who's like this is Jiro from Jiro Dreams Of Sushi. We're talking obsessive, relentless commitment to quality that goes beyond anything that's 'rational'. Insanely great.

In all of these cases, we can sense what pisses these guys off. Elon Musk hates the idea of democracy being perverted and the consumer being held back from the future of transportation. Neil Tyson hates the idea of ignorance limiting us from exploring the stars. LKY hated complacency and weakness and anything less that relentless. Jiro hates anything less than perfect sushi. Lee Hsien Loong hates... ? C'mon, he's a human being, he's bound to be pissed off at something. If we can all agree on something that pisses all of us off...

Here's what I'm getting at, that I've been sort of skirting around for a long time. I feel like life should be purposeful, meaningful, exciting. I feel like Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Neil Tyson, and yes, Lee Kuan Yew, all embody/embodied that. These are leaders that I'd drop everything to work for, because their vision is so solid, so unwavering. You wake up in the morning and you're raring to go, beause you have an opportunity to make a dream become reality. I'm reminded of LKY's "even if I'm being lowered into my grave" comment. He had fire in his speech.

A couple of LKY quotes:

"I am often accused of interfering in the private lives of citizens. Yes, if I did not, had I not done that, we wouldn't be here today. And I say without the slightest remorse, that we wouldn't be here, we would not have made economic progress, if we had not intervened on very personal matters - who your neighbour is, how you live, the noise you make, how you spit, or what language you use. We decide what is right. Never mind what the people think."

“Even from my sick bed, even if you are going to lower me into the grave and I feel something is going wrong, I will get up.” 1988 National Day Rally, when he discussed the leadership transition to Goh Chok Tong in 1990.

Now, I disagree with LKY about a whole bunch of things. But I would have loved to have had him as a boss. I've read enough about him to believe that he had Singapore's best interests at heart. He could have been wrong about certain things, just as any of us would be wrong about certain things if we were in charge. But he was also clearly, emotionally committed to the country in a way that I find very inspiring. (Now I'm thinking about Michio Kaku's passion for physics, and how I was enthralled for 40 minutes while he talked about the fundamental forces of nature. Passion and purpose is unmistakable.)

I've had the privilege of meeting PM Lee Hsien Loong before, and he's a really, really smart guy. I honestly believe that he cares very strongly about Singapore. But I'm going to talk emotions here. I can't help but get the sense that he's a protector, a guardian. He's been handed something precious, and he has to keep it from breaking, from falling apart. (This is of course inaccurate in reality, but I'm talking about perceptions here).

It's hard to be passionate about keeping something from breaking. That's just depressing! It's like being passionate about goalkeeping. Nobody really notices when you get it right, and everybody hates you when you get it wrong. Of course, goalkeeping is really important, but offense is really the best defense. LKY was more of a striker. He communicated that he knew what he wanted for the country, and he went out and got it. And we cheered as Singapore won the Malaysia cup.

I feel like that's what Singapore needs, to become a more exciting place. We need Elon Musks and Steve Jobs(es?) and Neil Tysons. We need wins. The closest thing I've encountered to this is Tong Yee from School of Thought. That guy is inspiring as heck for the work he's doing.

Now I'm sure that LHL and folks in government are working their butts off trying to make Singapore great. But I wish I felt it more. I wish we could all feel it more. We need something to live into, something to chase after, something to fight for. We need leadership that says "This is what I believe, and this is what I'm going to fight for, come with me, let's go there." For better or worse, LKY did do that. We have the luxury of fixating on the bad stuff only because the good stuff worked out.

I don't mean this to be a criticism of the Government, though it could certainly be read as such. I think everybody needs to rise up and lead by example. I haven't written very much about Singapore in a while because I've been busy with work, and I just got really tired of all the silly bickering that was happening on Facebook and on blogs.

I joked to some friends that Singaporeans really are like children, the way we bicker over MRT seats and hawker center ceilings. LHL and the government/civil service folks are worried about things like the Arctic Shipping Route, a possible Kra Isthmus Canal and Nuclear Security. Watch LHL's interview on Charlie Rose and listen to how concerned he is about China, Burma, etc. (I can't seem to find the full video anymore, but here's the transcript). Imagine coming back from a Nuclear Security Summit and then having to worry about hawker center ceilings!

[caption id="attachment_8103" align="alignnone" width="614"] "I wonder how those hawker center ceilings are doing back home..."[/caption]

Extreme case, I know. I don't mean to imply that it is acceptable or excusable for PM Lee to be imperfect or tardy or to say stupid-sounding things (I heard something about Opposition Parties being Chilli Sauce recently). I don't mean to say that hawker center ceilings are trivial and unimportant, either. (Well...) I'm just find myself empathizing with the PM a little. I'm reminded of how my boss (another really smart, hardworking guy) was slipping on little details when he was busy with things like fundraising and hiring new people. And of course he would be! The human mind has a limited bandwidth, no?

Paul Graham wrote a couple of relevant essays about this- one is The Top Idea in Your Mind, which describes how distractions from your central focus sap your ability to think well about what matters to oyu, and another is Good and Bad Procrastination, where he talks about how the "absent-minded professor," who forgets to shave, or eat, or even perhaps look where he's going while he's thinking about some interesting question. His mind is absent from the everyday world because it's hard at work in another."

Given how smart LHL is, I'm pretty damn sure that he doesn't make silly chilli sauce analogies because he's dumb. I think he does it because he doesn't have the time and/or energy to sit around and craft those messages, because he's probably focused on bigger things.

Of course, LHL has an team that keeps him updated and manages his schedule and all that, but still. I'm sure hawker ceilings aren't anywhere near his top 10 list of concerns. And you know, I just wish Singaporeans would be a little more cognizant of that. I'm not saying it's Singaporeans' fault, or that it's the Government's fault... I'm really sick and tired of assigning blame. I think we all need to have a clearer sense of priorities. If somebody could set up priorities.sg, that would be great.

What's the most critical, important thing for us to work towards together as a nation? My personal answer is- I think we need to fix our internal communications. I think we need to be more effective at making sense of reality. I think we should air our feelings, but when we're done with that, we should figure out what's the best course of action, find a reasonable amount of compromise and take that. I(My wife's answer: Improving education, and/or public understanding of policies.)

What do I want? I want to be goddamn proud of being Singaporean. I really don't think it's too much to ask. I want to hear about Singapore making all sorts of progress at all levels. I want to hear more stories of us being kind and compassionate. I want to see toxic cesspits like Stomp losing their hold on popular Singaporean imagination. I want to hear about Singaporeans killing it in innovation. I want to hear about Singaporean startups kicking ass and taking names (I'm trying to help with this one!). I want to hear that our kids are getting smarter, are creating great art.

I want to see vision and purpose, and I want this place to be talked about with admiration and envy. I think we are completely capable of doing that. I think we have all the resources we need, all the quality people we need. We're just waiting for a spark that sets us off in the right direction, a controlled explosion like an internal combustion engine rather than uncontrolled chaos.

may the good we achieve as one nation
be shared with the world
It's a wonderfully cool morning for 1140am in Singapore, and I find myself thinking that Singapore would surely be more pleasant in general if we had better weather. Surely people would be less sweaty and cranky, and perhaps we'd be kinder to and more patient with one another.

And as I carried the "Singapore would be better if..." thought in my head, it was immediately assaulted by a question: WHICH Singapore? ("Why, mine, of course!")

But it brings into mind the realization that there are hundreds of different Singapores, depending on who you are. We all see Singapore through the lens that we inherit, shaped by our experiences- which in turn are determined by our race, gender, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status, social circles, work, et cetera. We all live on the same island, but we experience very different realities.

It occurred to me, for example, how alienating it must be for a gay Singaporean to watch last year's National Day Rally speech as PM Lee spoke about the importance of family, marriage and home ownership. What does it mean to be a citizen of a country that technically considers you a criminal for having sex with your partner? That doesn't recognize your love as legitimate, that considers your orientation a "lifestyle", that shuts you out from buying public housing with your partner? One that urges "balance and restraint" when talking about institutionalized and socialized discrimination?

As my wife and I sat on our sofa in our HDB flat watching the rally, I remember thinking: I'm finally beginning to understand where Alfian Sa'at was coming from when he wrote "Singapore you are not my country. Singapore you are not a country at all."

But really I think we won't be able to make much progress unless we acknowledge the many Singapores that exist, besides the State-approved one where 9 in 10 teachers love their jobs. Yes, there's also an ugly Singapore where the hurt, disenfranchised and entitled spew hate. And yes, that's something we should be concerned about. But those aren't the only two stories. I don't have to be pro-PM Lee or pro-Roy. Singapore isn't always one thing or the other; we come in too many flavours for one fucking spoon.

The sooner we acknowledge the many layers of privilege, ignorance and hubris that blind us to the suffering of others, the sooner we'll be able to have mature conversations about our problems. And I think "balance and restraint" is a copout; a way to maintain the status quo. Parents have their own peace of mind at heart when they demand that their kids stop fighting. It's not justice. And while the parents may have more important things to worry about- Free Trade Agreements and Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaties- the children will never be able to participate in those concerns if their own grievances are not met. [1]

Until we resolve these grievances, I don't think it's possible for a Nation to come together and work on hard problems as a collective. We lose the "lean, hungry startup" advantage that we had in the first 30-50 years of our Nation's short lifespan. And if we lose that advantage, we could start losing everything else. The cynical side of me suspects that this problem is intractable, and that Singapore's best days might be behind us. I'm comforted by my lack of perfect information- people far smarter and more driven then myself must be working on renewing Singapore as a choice worth making. I have witnessed more than a couple of really smart friends leave the country, though. And that's a shame, because we lose diversity that way. We end up with a relatively narrow elite class, and as Chan Chun Sing once said, diversity is the only survival strategy.

Governance is a hard, thankless job. We generally overlook and ignore everything that's done right, everything that works smoothly. We expect it as our birthright. We focus all our attention and energy on things that break, things that go wrong. And I don't think Government can fix those problems through direct intervention. The Government can't ask you to love the country. (Though some Straits Times writers have certainly tried.) Only citizens can do that. Only volunteers and activists can do that. Only friends and family can do that. It requires faith and a willingness to fight for a vision of the future that does not exist. Our usual pragmatic approach does not work here. The pragmatic thing to do is to protect yourself and screw everyone else.

I am hopeful that enough of us will recognize that as a really sad, boring and frightened way to live. It pays to listen and to be kind. It pays to recognize that others who share our island may not live in the same Singapore that we do.

The way forward will be messy and difficult, but we won't budge by much until we at least acknowledge that fact, and demonstrate that through our actions.

What will that look like? What are the challenges ahead of us, what are the problems we need to solve? I'm very concerned about our long-term survivability. Will I regret it if I choose to stay in Singapore for another 20, 30 years? Will it be more frustration and heartbreak? Or will we be able to figure out a future, a possibility that we want to live into? Are we going to keep trotting out trite, vacant cliches like "Asian values", or are we going to rekindle the fire of the founding years that allowed us to question assumptions and slaughter sacred cows in pursuit of greater wellness for all? I don't know. We'll see.

[1] Politicians do understand this, I think. A starving family does not have the energy to worry about freedom of speech. LKY and gang were so effective because they were sensitive to that trade-off, and made what were arguably good decisions. Things are more complex now. Perhaps in LHL's Singapore, the trade-offs are for a good reason, and the best of all the alternatives. I hope that's the case. But blind faith isn't a smart or sustainable strategy.

I'm so tired. But I shouldn't be. I'm young. I'm healthy. I have a wonderful opportunity to be useful, to contribute. The one thing that I was fairly certain about- which I think is still valid- is that I want to be useful. That's been a common feature throughout my life. I want to help. When I'm helping, I feel better about myself. I'm tired of going to bed feeling like the day was frittered away somehow. I want my days to matter. I have to think smaller. I can't keep trying to live this epic dramatic grand vision. That's premature optimization. I should just focus on going to bed happy each night. If I just do that, life takes care of itself. I should just drop the big ideas and grand narratives. This is who I am, this is my life right now. Now what? What makes me happy?

I want to get better at my job. I want to be useful. I have too much on my plate, and it's all self-imposed. Lack of focus leads to a weak distributed attack that doesn't do any real damage. For me to count, I have to focus all my energy tightly, rightly. That means ruthlessly eliminating the non-essential. I think these vomits help even if each single vomit feels like it's going nowhere.

I'm bothered by the news cycle and the way I participate in it, get caught up in it. It's so unnecessary. It's so toxic. In the future I'd like to play a role in correcting it, but that's not something I can do very much about right now. So I should just get out. Self-interest comes first. I can't help others if I can't help myself. I have to fix my personal problems even if they seem relatively trivial or unsexy. If they're really so trivial why haven't I resolved them already? Clearly it's because I'm suffering from a cognitive bias here. I convince myself that it's a trivial problem ago I avoid dealing with it. I keep driving around aimlessly looking for something else to do. I clearly need to be harsher with myself so that the Saboteur-Bum can't keep hijacking me for his boring ends.

I have all these incomplete things lying around. I should complete them. I should start with the important things that I'm responsible for instead of the things that I think I'd like to do.

Should I do a book review? No, I should do the work that I'm supposed to do. I keep daydreaming about all these sideshows. That's my primary function and it's really not any use to me right now. It's actively impeding me from making the progress that I want to make.

What is with this obsession with progress? A good friend once kindly told me that I'll never amount to anything and that I should just accept that I'm destined to be mediocre. He might be right, life might actually be simpler, easier and happier if I lived in pursuit of simple pleasures- beer, pizza, movies. I always did the bare minimum at school- less than that, actually- so why not just spend the rest of my life that way? Why resist? Is it not easier to give up the stupid struggle to be someone who "matters"? Heat death, etc. Nothing actually matters.

I agree that I'm wasting a lot of time and energy writhing against the ropes that hold me back from doing more interesting, exciting things. I agree that the struggle is subnormal and even unnecessary. But I am absolutely certain that the ropes can be cut. That life can be interesting, exciting, fun.

My problem is that I writhe. Writhe against the ropes and you just get more entangled, you get painful abrasions and rope burn. The rope burns become visible scars that you can show off as proof of struggle. And we can all compare scars when we're drinking beers and bitching about school, work, life. How badly we have all been hurt.
But there is surely a smarter solution. First, we have limited energy. We must use it well, and cleverly. We may find that if we just relax, the ropes actually become limp, and we can just slip out of them. It's our constant resisting that makes the ropes tighter.

That's just one of the possible outcomes. We could indeed be bound by ropes that are out to bind us. Such ropes need cutting. The question is- how do you cut them? You have to pick one specific rope, one weak point on that rope, and attack it as ferociously as possible. One strong sharp cut and it can come away. Or it'll fray. And once you cut one particular rope, the net tension decreases and you can cut the next rope.

So what's the most important rope that I have to cut? Some will advocate cutting less important ropes first, to build confidence and ability at rope cutting. That's probably valid. An alternative is to attack the most painful rope. That's harder to do. I've never actually succeeded. I've spent years analysing the ropes, giving people advice on their ropes, criticising the way others deal with theirs. Lots of writhing, lots of pontificating. Actual rope cutting? Not that much. No wonder so many people can't stand me and my nonsense. The world needs people who cut ropes more than it needs people who talk about it.

I think that's a pretty decent analogy, and one I didn't have prior to writing this. So this has been a unexpectedly fruitful experience for me. Now I can ask myself, what are the ropes I need to be cutting? Is there a better way to cut them? Which rope first?

I'm waiting for my wife at the train station right now, so I'll keep writing this until she arrives. Then we will have dinner and go home. Then I will shower and pick a rope to cut, and cut it. Then I will go to bed feeling like today was a good day. That's all I really want in life. I want today to be a good day. I want to earn my sleep. I don't want to be restless and stressed, chronic stress is unhealthy and abrasive and unhelpful. It's cutting ropes that yields relief, not violently struggling against them.
I wonder what other mental models or analogies or intuition pumps I will unearth by writing. Of course, that's a trap in itself if I'm not careful. The rope analogy is an aid, meant to help cut ropes. The real important thing is that ropes get cut so life becomes pleasurable, interesting, exciting, meaningful.

I was watching Wolf of Wall Street yesterday. It reminded me that there are many different ways of living your life, and whichever lifestyle you choose, you will be able to find people that support and validate you- even if your life is unhealthy and ultimately damaging or hollow or negative in some Cinnabon way. It's very clear that the Wall St life of excess is damaging. You hurt yourself, you hurt people, the chickens come home to roost eventually. This much is obvious to the viewer.

What is less obvious is that many of us are living such lives ourselves, and we surround ourselves with friends and family who are invested in maintaining the status quo. Even if it's not what you really want. I don't mean to turn this into a "follow your passion" bullshit lecture, all I'm saying is that ordinary everyday people validate each other's narratives the same way the wall street bankers normalise each other's. The life and reality that you take for granted is just one of an Infinite number of arbitrary configurations that your life actually could be. I'm not saying that your life is somehow bad or wrong, or that you should get out of it, or do anything about it. If you're happy, great.

I just think it's scary how anything and everything can get normalised. Suppose 0.1% of Facebook users spend 20 hours on Facebook a day. Facebook has over a billion active monthly users, so 0.1% is still 1,000,000 people. To those people, it's completely normal to use Facebook all day. Same for any other sort sort of addiction, be it money or bitching about others or coding or voluntourism or heroin or BDSM or sitting on reddit/Tumblr all day. Whatever your kink or fetish, there are millions of people who'll share it with you, normalise it and encourage it.

This is a little scary for me because it makes me realize that you can't count on the opinions and perspectives of others to help you decide whether something is right or good for you. When you're exposed to others, you'll hear what they want to tell you, or what is good for them, not necessarily what is good for you. And you do the same to others, too.

Constant vigilance.

I think I've spent a lot of my life feeling like I'm only as 20% as productive as I could be. On my absolute best days I feel like I might hit 50 to 70%, and often when than happens I'm under deadline pressure or feeling inspired... more often than not it's frustration from having been unproductive for too long. This usually coincides with some degree of burnout or sleep deprivation- I get so caught up in being more productive than usual that I work late, and it messes up my rhythm. All in all it's a blunt, inelegant system that doesn't serve me very well.

Fuel problem vs. Engine Inefficiency:

I sometimes get JC kids emailing me to ask about retaking their A levels. There's one particular guy I had an extended exchange with that was particularly telling for me about my own predicament. He said that he could never stay motivated, and he thought the solution was to seek more motivation. Seeing the problem in somebody else rather than myself made it easier for me to analyse. He thought his problem was a lack of "fuel". His real problem was that his "internal combustion engine" was tremendously inefficient,  and he never learnt to correct that. So no matter how much fuel he used or how high-quality that fuel might've been, he was getting abysmal outputs and was going to keep getting abysmal outputs. More fuel wasn't the solution.

A lot of advice is centered around the fuel bit. Identify your "passion" and remind yourself of it. I think that's necessary but insufficient, and least for people like him and me.

Could the internal combustion engine analogy yield more insight? What we want to do is to use the fuel we have, combust it in a controlled, efficient way and use that output to propel us along a path that we can clearly visualise. For some people the problem is a lack of a roadmap. If you don't know where you want to go, or where you CAN go, even, why would you go anywhere? Some people have a clear vision, use limited fuel, combust it as efficiently as they can to get as far as that can.

(For some reason the imagery that comes to mind is the battle at the end of the first Iron Man film. He's using a weaker energy source, and a failing suit- same thing happens in Iron Man 3, where he has bits and pieces of the suit and uses it creatively to take out the baddies. I think this takes a giant crap on the idea that all we need is a bigger, more powerful suit, a more powerful power source. You need some of each, but knowing how to use them in difficult situations is what ultimately separates Stark from his competitors.)

Let's start over- I have a powerful energy source, but a horrible, incoherent suit that wastes energy, and I haven't learnt to use it well either. So my productivity sputters compared to people with less "power". Ultimately it's the output by which we are judged. My "superior power source" counts for nothing. It might not even be real, because it hasn't been battle-tested.

The shlep is to build the best suit I possibly can. That requires rigorous effort in seemingly mundane things. Test drives to learn how to fly. Stress testing to get rid of the icing problem. If you can't fly smoothly when you're at max capacity, you're going to get slaughtered when your suit gets damaged and you're at low power.

Fantasizing about a silver bullet 

I keep fantasising about this magical breakthrough around the corner that will suddenly make me incredibly efficient. From 20% to 80%. But that's never going to happen. Even in the movies with the misleadingly compressed training montage + epic music, there is a phase of great, boring difficulty. You have to go from 20 to 25 to 30 and so on.

So the challenge for me is to increase my productivity from 20 to 25%. This can be uncomfortable to acknowledge. When I'm not paying attention to the meter, I don't realize I'm at 20%. I feel like I'm doing the best I can. Which I kinda am, the same way a guy with a blunt axe is doing the best he can... without sharpening his axe. You partially sympathise with him, but mostly you think he's an idiot. There's all sorts of other things to consider- basic fitness, improving his swing, investing in buying and learning how to use a chainsaw. There are no prizes for being the hardest working guy with a blunt axe. And reality is even more stark- chopping trees with a blunt axe and no axe skills is demoralising. The guy's more likely to turn to bumming, drinking, etc. All consequences of a faulty, uncorrected internal combustion engine. A guy who knows how to use a chainsaw is going to fell more trees even if he's less passionate about felling trees. Such is reality.

So what does my path look like? It's like being a blunt axe wielder and hoping that one day a chainsaw will mysteriously materialise and I'll know how to use it. That's just not a sustainable strategy. The returns may be high, but the odds are low. It's a kind of escapism. Exactly like wanting to win the lottery. And I like to mock lottery buyers for paying idiot tax... yet here I am doing the exact same thing. Magical breakthroughs = fantasy, fiction.

What's my equivalent of sharpening my axe? One thing is to write everyday, without fail, without using excuses. For that to happen I need to carve out time for myself. I already have two ripe chunks- my morning and evening commutes. Why don't I use them? Usually it's because I'm sleepy or tired. So there we go- I need to sleep better and exercise more. (And eat better and drink more water.) Whatever it takes to get my daily writing practice the best chance it has.

What next? This is auxiliary- this is my side project. My main task is to get more efficient at the work I do for work. That's what I'm paid to do, that's what pays for the roof over my head and the food on my table. What's slowing me down there? I used to be overly ambitious and try to do really big pieces of content, all of which would inevitably get ruined in developmental purgatory. This has been alleviated to some degree by my awesome colleagues who have put together frameworks and structures that I was never able to do myself. For this I am tremendously grateful- these are structures that I'm free to carry with me and use in my personal life or in other projects.

The coolest thing we're doing as a content team is to have use very reiterative model of content generation, which eliminates a lot of Creator's Anxiety. Things don't need to be perfect- we just show each other imperfect, broken drafts and we help each other refine them. This saves us from developing (and getting unnecessarily attached to) irrelevant elements.

These word vomits are also clearly a good idea. There's no way I would've written this much without this structure. At the end of 1000 vomits, I may find that I only need 100,000 words to say everything I want (rather than 1,000,000). But that's totally fine. The other 900,000 words are the cost of development- and most importantly, they don't actually cost all that much. With work,  I've been spending less time per post and my posts are getting more focused, concise... deliberate practice is all the difference.

What will be next? Empirically, if I look at the evidence rather than going by sentiment, it's clear that I think/write better on my phone's Evernote app or on good ol' pen + paper. So I need to do more of that. I screw up quickly when I'm sitting in front of the computer without a hyperspecific task. I just have a horrible attention span and a pathetic inability to focus. This isn't me beating myself up, this is an acknowledgement of reality. I only ever focus if I get really drawn into a task. (This usually happens for tangential stuff- exploring Internet rabbit holes, playing video games, etc...).

If it doesn't work, do things differently

So rather than beat myself up for losing focus at work, I should change the way I work altogether. I should really break things down into micro-tasks and take frequent breaks away from the computer. I probably shouldn't sit at my desk for more than 30 mins at a time because I know I can't reasonably expect myself to focus on ANYTHING for that long. I've tried some measures in the past- having a chime every 30 minutes, Pomodoro... but the problem is that I never respect myself enough to adhere to these things.

The only things I've really made progress in would be in being early for 1-1 meetings with my boss. Why?  In a cheesy but honest sense, he's the first older adult/mentor/friend figure whose approval I've really cared about. In a very real sense, I've never quite respected myself. I've lived in service of the Bum/Saboteur all this while, at the expense of many friendships. Even at the expense of my relationship with myself. Indeed I've lived a good 23 years knowing that I can't trust myself. And I think it took a very real intervention to get me out of that loop. I'm still a work in progress, still constantly in danger of lapsing into full Bumhood.

What's changed? I think for the first time, over the past year, I've had a taste of a narrative more interesting and compelling that "Screw everything, just get whatever immediate pleasures you can and just get by day to day". I don't t think my parents gave me a better narrative. I don't think my teachers gave me a better narrative. Immediate pleasure won out.

I spent some time during my NS trying to craft one for myself- which was why I blogged and built a little community- but it was never quite enough, never quite "real", always a hobby, a cute little fantasy to escape into from time to time (like being a musician in a small town with no discernable audience, in the pre-internet days).

It was only when I actually got plugged into a real ecosystem greater than myself, with a mentor that I genuinely respected, with a relatively clear sense of who I could be and the value that I could be creating... only the did I get enough activation energy (over an entire year!) to even fathom reinventing myself, ripping myself away from my past and building myself differently.

Only when the path became reasonably clear and when I encountered someone further along who was willing to guide me did I start tinkering on my crummy engine. Hopefully it gets me more mileage. I'm pretty certain it will.

This was written on March 25th, 2014.

I like good conversations. I think good conversations are enriching, good for the mind and soul. Ideally I'd like to be having good conversations with everybody I meet. Everybody should be having good conversations with everybody all the time. Life is too short, no?

Unfortunately good conversations aren't the norm, not for everyone. A lot of people sympathise with the idea that small talk sucks. I saw a thread on r/offmychest where lots of people sympathised with the OP, who was frustrated with small talk.

Small talk by itself isn't inherently a bad thing. It serves a function. But I think people do have a need to go beyond small talk, and that doesn't happen nearly as often as many of us would like.

People you can't really talk to:

A litmus test: I realize that I have friends (and even family) that I 'can't really talk to'. What does that mean, why is that so? I don't think it's as simple as "some people want deep conversations about life and philosophy and not everybody can provide that". I think that's reductive and unhelpful. And I think "deep conversations about life" can sometimes be boring and unfulfilling.

But it's also true that some people are just easier to talk to. Why is that?

I have a couple of vague theories I'd like to expound and explore.

Consider the following situation: you're having a conversation with someone, and you're both talking about something neither of you is particularly interested in. How does the conversation develop? How do you go from boring stuff neither of us is interested in to talking about stuff where both of us can be interesting and useful to another?

Asking the right questions

I think a big part of it is about asking the right questions. For most of my life- even now, I have to admit- I tend to dominate conversations by talking over everybody. I attribute this partially to growing up in an environment where everyone talked over everyone, so it was the only way to be heard. The most interesting topic takes precedence. I expected people to interrupt me if I m getting boring, or if they have something more important or useful to say. I've since realised that not everybody shares this perspective. Some people are used to politely waiting for their turn to speak, and if someone else is talking all over them, then their valuable insights and perspectives go wasted, unheard.

I talk a lot because I try to be useful to others. I hope that something I have on my mind or in my 'archives' might be the piece of information that someone needs to get themselves unstuck. But I realize that this won't always be interpreted that way. I didn't realize that it makes me look selfish, self-obsessed.

A more enlightened person would know to ask questions instead. People are always hungry to be asked good questions. People who are silent don't always want to be talked at; sometimes they want to be asked a good question.

Questions and Statements

A question is almost always superior to a statement. Even if you're a selfish person who doesn't care about others, knowing what others are thinking is a fabulous way to get information necessary to further your agenda.

I didn't realize this when I was younger. I revealed secrets and frustrations and all sorts of things that got me in trouble because I trusted that people would interpret information the way I did. Now I know better. If somebody tells you a secret, you keep it, no matter how many brownie points you'd get for sharing it with seemingly well-meaning others. Having a reputation for keeping secrets puts you in a position to become a repository of information with immense strategic value.

I don't mean that in a conniving, cruel sense. Knowing what a group of friends thinks about each other and/or a particular situation by gently probing with your benevolent curiosity equips you to resolve conflicts in an amiable, healthy way. You could also pit people against each other for your amusement and profit, like the villain from Mean Girls.

Information-gathering for good:

In fact, if you want to diffuse the negative effects of such villainy, you're going to have to do the same information gathering yourself. Knowledge is power, and that power can be used in any way that the wielder sees fit. If the sensible abstain (think Benjamin from Animal Farm, the old donkey who'd seen it all before and wasn't interested in getting involved), then the malicious prevail. All that's needed for evil to triumph is for good people to do nothing.

I think it's important to be respectful towards others, even people who might be 'lesser' than you by some measure or another. I used to mock and laugh at people who were 'stupid' or unattractive or socially inept or otherwise incompetent I some way. It's easy to do it because these are easy targets. By mocking them you communicate your superiority, both to yourself and to others.

But this is toxic, dangerous behaviour. Once you start mocking others because you're somehow 'better' than them, you put yourself on the battlefield of conditional esteem. And you can't win. You can't run forever. You're better because you're smarter? Someone's always smarter than you, fitter, richer, better looking. So never mock others. The enemy is ignorance, not people who are ignorant. Hatred, not people who are hateful (see Westboro Church). Be thoughtful, gracious, kind, compassionate and forgiving- not just because they are nice sounding ideals, but because they're literally good for you.

What do you laugh at?

But if you don't laugh at the weak, or weakness, who do you laugh at? Should life be devoid of humor? Of course not. That's incredibly depressing. Life is pretty absurd. There's a lot to laugh at. Our own ignorance is an incredible, endless source of powerful punchlines. We should laugh at ourselves, our own mistakes, our foibles. I've come to believe that comedy should serve to protect the weak and downtrodden, and mock oppression. It should reveal the absurdity of racism and sexism and help people breathe and live easier, rather than in fear of arbitrary judgement from the privileged.

People of course will always have politically incorrect thoughts. I think it's important to try and create an environment where they can air them and be informed about their ignorance. I saw a quote on Tumblr about how people with privileged are often shocked and outraged when victims of structural oppression and microaggressions call them out, and how victims are never given a nice, pleasant introduction to sexism or racism. I'm thrown into a racist world the day I'm born, so why should I give racists an easy time?

Desired end-state

I think it boils down to desired end-state. What is the outcome you want to achieve, and what's the best way to achieve it? If being nice to oppressors yields a superior conversion rate than being snide, sarcastic or hostile, then I'm committed to being nice. Of course I completely understand if people don't want to be nice to their oppressors. Different people have different desired end-states and different ideas about how those end-states might be reached.

Thoughtfulness

What distinguishes a person I enjoy talking to from a person I don't? I think thoughtfulness. I much prefer the term thoughtfulness to intelligence, because the term "intelligent" is incredibly loaded. A person can be intelligent and a bigot, intelligent and really rude and ignorant or socially inept. I think thoughtfulness is a much superior 'measure' of a person (if people had to be measured, for the purpose of some form of social decisionmaking).

I think there is some correlation between deep reading and thoughtfulness. If a person tells me that they've read a certain book and can describe to me why they like it, I think I can have a better than random estimation about a person's 'smartness' or thoughtfulness if I know how much they've read. Specifically, how much they've willingly read for their own pleasure and enjoyment.

Role of Idleness

I think some level of downtime is necessary and inevitable for a rich life. We don't fully understand the importance of idleness, of sleep, of rest. But I'm pretty sure that I'm nowhere close to striking a great balance, let alone a mythical perfect one. The best I can do is to commit to living each year better than the last. Ideally, each month, each week, each day. I'm far from something I can be somewhat satisfied with. I still tend to go to sleep feeling like I had wasted my time, like I didn't even remotely do justice to this blessed opportunity I've been given. This needs to change, and I don't think it's something to compromise on. I want to get better at this 'living' business.

Fear of Stasis. (Joseph Campbell?)

You know what I'm afraid of? I'm afraid of becoming someone who lives the same thing over and over again. I think that's somewhat inevitable when you're a child- or at least excusable, because so little of your life is in your own hands. I once saw a quote that said "some people claim to have ten years of experience, when really they experienced the same year ten times." I'm terrified of that. I think that's a sort of death.

The one quote that stuck with me from the movie Her was when the protagonist talked about how he was worried that he had already experienced everything he was going to experience, and everything else henceforth was going to be lesser versions of things he'd already experienced. I'm horrified at the idea of that. The simple solution to that problem is to have children, because then you're forced by circumstances to relive everything from a different frame. Your heart permanently walks around outside of you. You could call it a lot of things, but boring isn't one of them.

I don't really plan on having kids anytime soon, so that's out of the question. My teenage years were a bit of a blurry haze- I was often sleep deprived, smoking and drinking with friends, playing in bands, having crushes on girls, stuff like that. I've seen people stick with music their whole lives, and it's something to respect- that sort of devotion- but it can also be a sort of crutch that you hang on to. And I don't want that. I'd like music to always be a part of my life, but I fairly certain that my future lies in writing and thinking. Those are things that I want to get a lot better at.

Life gets in the way if you're not careful

Digression, let's return. A year of working and domestic living and I see very clearly how easy it is to allow your eyes to glaze over. If you don't keep rekindling your inner fire, your curiosity and zeal, you end up stuck in a box that's determined for you by circumstances beyond your control. You spend your life waiting for something that never comes. You start accepting your fate and start optimising for that reality. It's absolutely terrifying to me. A stale marriage, a frail body, a tired mind. No.

I had to go for remedial training because I stupidly forgot to do my IPPT (it's a fitness test). I found myself among pudgy, unfit older men. And I might be overdramatising it, but it's a sorry sight. I'm not saying I'm any better than these men. Just describing what I witnessed. You see fat guys wearing a tshirt commemorating their completion of a marathon in 2005. 8 years later, they're pudgy and unfit. Why? Life just gets in the way, wears you down. There's work to be done, and it's easy to fall into a routine. You're not engaged or excited by work, it's just okay. You think you'll exercise when you find the time, but you won't find it unless you make time for it. Same deal for your friends. For the books that you want to read. All the while you're bombarded with advertising and low-quality news that keeps you occupied. You spend your money on new gadgets, watch movies when they come out, get outraged by the latest scandal. All of these things are decided for you at your expense.

Make time for Life

You have to make time to live the life you want to live, because nobody else will. You have to become a skilled negotiator for the things that you want. You can't just wait. Waiting takes you nowhere. If you let the currents of daily life carry you, you'll be swept away and wake up one day married 10 years to a person you don't really know, working a job you don't really enjoy, in a body that doesn't quite do what you want it to. You live just trying to fulfill your obligations and the expectations that, oftentimes, were chosen for you by others. And there's debt to pay, etc. Nothing quite prepares you for it.

Well- I'm sure life isn't that bleak or bad. But I so desperately want to avoid that outcome no matter what. I caught myself falling into it. Just following my programming like a drone. Not reevaluating myself, my assumptions.

Past Concerns

It seems like the things I cared about a decade ago were ridiculously trivial and provincial. I cared about the opinions of individuals who happened to come into my life by happenstance rather than my choice. I settled, in a lot of ways, for a lot of things. I wanted to take the happy-go-lucky route, modelling myself after Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes. I think it's important to keep that youthful vigor with you all your life, but I also think that... Life is a lot harder than what I was led to believe it was.

Self-management

And I'm not talking about the hard life that my parents tried to warn me about. Their logic was- if you don't get a good degree, you won't get a good job, and you won't earn enough to lead the life you'll want to live. I think that's actually the simpler part. The harder part is managing your appetites and interests. To keep yourself from getting into destructive cycles of consumption.

My biggest mistake in life remains this: I was determined not to follow the instructions of others, who I simply didn't respect or admire. I threw the baby out with the bathwater and refused to obey anyone, including "myself". I didn't realize that I was enslaved by my appetites. I became a slave to cheap entertainment- anime, video games, books, cigarettes, pornography, Internet arguments. I'm lucky that I at least had some sort of mental home base to make sense of all of that. My days with the Saboteur-Bum are useful to me today because I can still reflect on them, analyse them.

Learning through play

All true learning is play. I played with things that were relatively shallow. I wish I played a musical instrument, or pushed myself physically. The one thing I did right was read. That was the one really good investment I made. I read broadly and deeply, and I'm still reaping the returns on those investments. Reading taught me to think. It helped me develop a rich inner landscape to make sense of the world with. And I think it's the secret superpower that will allow me to defeat my demons, or at least keep them at bay. I hope.

Anyway. I still hold on to all these notes from 2010, 2011, 2012, hoping that they'll be useful somehow. I want to refactor my blog and eliminate the shitty elements so that I can really use it as an extension of my thinking mind, rather than as storage for old thoughts that I'm probably overvaluing because nostalgia. I still want to sit down and go through my entire FB and Twitter and Tumblr logs, as a sort of spiritual cleansing journey where I go through my old data and make peace with who I was at the time. I long to feel connected with my past self. I know that I has put out signals then for me to look at now. But I keep thinking about it wishfully rather than doing anything about it. I need to set aside time for it, the way I need to plan for exercise and reading and dates with the wife. And I need to send myself updates so I know how I'm doing. Maybe.

For two weeks I managed to stick to a daily habit of writing down what I had done that day, watching a motivational video (why we fall, on YouTube), and sort of meditating. It wasn't super amazing but I did get something out of it. Listening to those words over and over again made something sink in. And of all the great phrases, the one that stuck with me the most was Arnold Schwarzenegger's words: "figure out for yourself, who do you wanna be? What makes you happy?" That has entered my brain to a degree that most other phrases haven't. I'll explore that in a second.

Radical honesty + Addictive behavior

Louis CK is a phenomenally honest comedian, which is a huge part of why he's so funny. He wasn't so funny when he started out- probably because he was playing to the crowd, doing what he thought they wanted rather than what he wanted himself. You can explore his journey beautifully in his eulogy to George Carlin- he started doing things that weren't PC, that were outright awkward, and he stuck with it.

One of the things that Louis CK has said that has stuck with me is his description of his own problematic relationship with food- his tendency to overeat. He jokes that some people probably eat until they are full- 'that is good, that is all the sustenance I require'. For him, the meal isn't over when he's full- the meal is over when he hates himself. Cue laughter.

(EDIT: I watched this months later and it captures it very well: The West Wing – Leo McGarry explains drug and alcohol addiction)

I relate to that. It's addictive behavior, and I experience it myself when I spend 6 hours online and the sun starts to come up. Or when I eat too much candy or sugar or something. Or when I spend a day procrastinating and lounging around until I finally get to bed defeated and frustrated- and I hate myself. And the cycle continues.

In a post before I explored the idea of how procrastination should be resolved by lighting fires rather than filling buckets. Prioritising tasks isn't the hard part for me, it's overcoming the inertia of fear, perfectionism, lethargy, laziness. I don't really need a fitness plan, I just need something that gets me out my existing frame. I just need to get off the couch and get to the gym. Coming up with the fitness plan is just another form of procrastination- sharpening the axe but never taking a swing.

But I kinda stopped there. Follow curiosity, yes. Follow passion, yes. But what so you do when you're stuck somewhere with neither? How do you light the actual fire? That's the most important step. We can talk about expansion and kindling and everything else later, the most important thing is keeping the fire alive. How do you do that? How do you avoid death? As long as you can keep the fire from dying you can reasonably do more interesting things later on.

Ineffectiveness of guilt trips?

Sometimes my wife tries to guilt trip me when I'm doing the equivalent of Louis eating a cinnabon with the hot cum. She says, "is this what you should be doing?" The answer is no, of course, but guilt tripping me when I'm in that state is just ineffective and frustrating for anybody involved in the process. Every smoker knows that he's killing himself. Every self-identified fattie knows that he's killing himself. Is this what you should be doing? Of course not, but give me the hot cum, I don't give a shit, I hate myself. I think this is what people don't often realize about some deep procrastinators and addicts- we feel that we deserve to suffer, to be a useless Gollum existing as a barely cognizant shell for our addictions and vices. When I'm scrolling through my 100th page of Tumblr, I'm no longer a person who cares about what I should or shouldn't do. The idea of some sort of restraint or responsibility becomes laughable. It's very hard to reason a person out of a position they didn't exactly reason their way into.

No solution yet

So how to solve this problem? I don't have a good answer yet, just a series of failed hypotheses. Trying to think about grand lofty goals doesn't seem to work, though it's probably good to have. My guess is that it's necessary but insufficient. Guilt doesn't work well on me, even though I do feel bad. But feelings- I've explored this before too- don't really matter. Words are empty air.

Necessary but insufficient: grand idea/vision/purpose.

What would make me really happy, right now, in this moment? First thing would be to get this vomit out of the way. Next would be to get really good at my job. To make my wife happy, too. To be on top of my life instead of pathetically being behind time, missing deadlines. Going to Mars is a nice idea, a nice fantasy. But it can't happen right now so it can't make me happy right now.

What I want to focus on- when Louis CK is taking about overeating and the cinnabon, he's following his programming. He's not happy. He's clearly unhappy. He hates himself. And that's why it's funny- his brutal honesty about the situation is unexpected.

What is your programming?

What is my programming? To feed my addictions. To feed the Saboteur-Bum. Reminds me of the parable of the two wolves- the one that wins is the one you feed. And when I'm not paying attention, I feed the Saboteur-Bum. I'm programmed to. And to be happy I have to fight that programming. It will never happen by accident or on the elusive Some Day. It happens moment by moment. At each moment I have to choose to feed the good Wolf, to do what makes me happy.

That felt unnecessarily messy and convoluted. Let's start over.

Does this make me happy?

I think questions like "what makes me happy" and "does this make me happy" are incredibly helpful.

I don't mean this to be about the pursuit of unenlightened hedonism. I think that has a tendency to make me hate myself (the cinnabon eaters).

Right now I think nothing would make me happier than becoming really good at my job + being a good husband. Becoming a better writer. Letting go of my Cinnabon programming.

What am I doing because I think I should? And what actually pleases me? What are my actions, and why do I take them? How can today be a good day? One where I go to bed and sleep well?

Had a good meeting that went well. Spending less time on frivolous distractions. Did a few pullups here and there; need to scale that up. Not to push myself to become a better person.

There is no future, no grand narrative. Only this moment. Seconds, minutes, hours, days. Wake up this is your life, the few inches in front of your face. Your commute, your work, all of it. Now. There is no some day. There is only now.

A life well lived is hard to do. And it will be the sum of days well lived. The social media signals are misleading. High fructose corn syrup. Not filling, not fulfilling.

Do it for joy, not as a sacrifice

Was talking about this with the boss a week ago. We sell things to ourselves in the wrong way. We sell fitness and healthy food as some sort of noble sacrifice. Get rid of the lazy junk food eating fat ass. It feels noble or righteous but it's fundamentally problematic. Exercise gives you endorphins. It literally makes you feel good.

So why isn't that the benefit? It's a simpler narrative. I should exercise because it makes me feel good, not because being unfit makes me sad (and hate myself). Similarly, eating healthy actually feels good. It doesn't have to feel like a sacrifice. It shouldn't! Reading a good book is more pleasurable than reading a series of listicles. It just is!

In all cases, the HFCS version is just cheaper, easier, more accessible. But if at any moment in my life I were presented with a choice between fulfilling and unfulfilling, obviously the latter is the superior job. If I wish I had read more, then I should read more now before that regret gets compounded!

Seems to me like we have all this guilt and puritanical hangups baked into our thinking that we really ought to let go of. Pursue joy. Figure out what makes you happy. Identify your programming.
procrastination lighting fires

I've been hesitant to take ADHD seriously (that is, the possibility that I actually have it) for a few reasons.

I have a mental image of ADHD that's an oversimplistic caricature of an annoying fidgety problematic kid. Although to be fair, I probably fit this description for some people. But I assume that that's not me.
I have an oversimplistic self image that's all "I don't have any health problems, I don't need no medication or therapy or nothing." I'm normal, I'm fine. I've been changing my stance on this as I get older.
I'm used to the idea of mental illness being either cripplingly severe or something you're probably making up as excuse. I worry that a diagnosis may become a crutch for me.
I'm suspicious/distrustful of the impulse/instinct to diagnose and medicate people. See Ken Robinson's talk. I've also heard from guys bullshittimg their way into being diagnosed. I think people are more focused on making people adjust to society (at all costs) than in promoting actual development.

Why 'Disorder'?

While I relate deeply to the experiences described by adults with ADHD, I'm still uncomfortable with the idea of calling it a disorder. What is a disorder anyway? If makes it difficult for you to live a meaningful life, yes,  I understand. I'm reminded of the man who mistook his wife for a hat, and the man with intense memory loss. In both cases, those are things that need help, because they impede functioning- regardless of circumstance.

Adhd, however, seems to me to be an adjustment disease. I'm different from others in the sense that I have trouble completing my homework, sticking to my commitments and tasks, etc. But the main source of my anxiety and pain isn't necessarily that I can't do those things as well as other people- it's that I live in a world that asks that of me. I was stressed and frustrated and anxious throughout school not simply because I'm atypical, but because I wasn't a good fit for that environment. (Churchill was a great wartime leader and a crappy peacetime one. Before diagnosing yourself with depression, check that you aren't surrounded by assholes.)

It's not hard to imagine an environment where I might have been happier. Maybe homeschooling. Maybe being a hunter-gatherer.

Jobs

One of the funny things about job-searching is that it assumes job descriptions. Those are the worst and most boring jobs, in my opinion. The value chain has already been figured out. If your job can be reduced to a bunch of instructions to be followed, then you can easily be replaced. That's frightening stuff, it's what school prepares you for, and it's also incredibly boring. One way around it is to work a job that requires a high amount of expertise that's hard to replicate, like say, being a cardiologist. But that requires years of intense study and is remarkably limiting. I wouldn't be able to cope with it. Only do that if you have a huge passion for it (and even then you'd better be careful. Read Paul Graham's 'How to do what you Love.', and Cal Newport's So Good They Can't Ignore You.)

Where do jobs come from? They come from rivers of value. They're compartmentalised, tidied up, ordered task-doing. But how does a job get created? Say you work on building roads. Where does the road come from? Somebody had to need it and be willing to pay for it (govt, whatever). There has to be a need created for that connection. People must be made to want to go there for some reason or another. If you go back far enough, somebody started something. Somebody identified or created a river of value that others can then come along and become a part of. I'm witnessing this right now as an early employee of a growing startup. Everybody can witness it from watching Facebook and Twitter (and reading about Ford and Rockefeller and Carnegie).

Erm, got a little sidetracked there. The point is nobody teaches you about this in school. School itself is too far down the river(s) of value. As Steve Jobs said- the world is built and designed by people no smarter than you. And once you realize that you can live very differently. You don't actually have to follow orders. You can just make stuff. If it's good enough, literally almost nothing else matters. We honour and venerate makers, despite all their failings. Makers employ millions of others along their rivers of value.

Ermm... back to ADHD being an adjustment disease. A lot of great makers and thinkers and creators and builders were maladjusted in school and even in their daily and social lives. Many ruined relationships, put their work ahead of families, etc. Even Buddha abandoned his family. So did Jesus, in a way. Everybody wins with Buddha and Jesus choosing to be Buddha and Jesus, but you can imagine their families weren't too stoked about it.

So anyway- I think ADHD is a problem only because mainstream society deems it so. It's not a problem for artists and writers and creators who rely upon 'it' (it's really just a different point on a landscape rather than some sort of condition, methinks). It's all about adjustment. If I had a personal assistant in school, I would've done a lot better. But I have to ask, what was school supposed to do for me anyway? My language skills are from reading and writing. I was introduced to some good texts in literature, great. I learnt nothing of interest in geography. Most of the interesting things about science I was already familiar with, or would learn more about outside of school.

Opportunity cost

When I think about the opportunity cost, it really drives me mad. I should have spent my time reading more. Watching good movies critically. Exercising, getting fit. Writing earlier. Picked up music earlier. All of those things would've served me better than the fucking drudgery of school, which is just so outdated and obsolete for anybody with a curious, roving mind.

I used to have an analogy about the ENTP's extraverted intuition as a chaingun mind, and the INTJ's introverted intuition as a sniper rifle mind. Both of these are heavy cognitive weapons. They correspond vaguely to ADHD and ADD respectively. They're both incredibly powerful. The chaingun gives you Infinite Jest, The Importance Of Being Earnest. The sniper rifle gives you e=mc^2. But school isn't equipped to handle kids with such machinery, and these machines and heavy, cumbersome things that require maintenance. School is equipped to teach kids to use simple machinery in simple ways. And the kids who bring heavy machinery to class (think of those who read books under the table, they're my favorite) tend to to be underserved. At least, I think I was.

And I think I've finally learned to describe it for what it was, without anger or resentment. It doesn't make me any more special than anybody else. It doesn't mean that the system was out to get me. I just happened to be a bad fit for things, and I want to figure out how I can help others who might be going through the same thing.

The first thing this does for me is it helps me better appreciate (I wouldn't say understand, because having a name for something doesn't actually improve your understanding of it) the way I get caught up in things. I can spend hours playing video games, and I can get very heavily invested in conversations or trains of thought. This is why Facebook and Reddit and Tumblr etc can be dangerous for me. I don't stop. I go on much, much longer than most people. I'm like a severe alcoholic. Everyone else has a beer or four, I have twenty. Everyone thinks they relate, but the difference is a matter of sheer magnitude. People with actual OCD wash their hands until they bleed.

My life works because every once in a while I channel this into something actually productive or valuable.

When I was a kid I read like crazy, and this gave me an early language advantage that would compound tremendously and make me appear "gifted" intellectually.
At some point when I was in a band, I threw myself into music and made quite a significant amount of progress in a relatively short amount of time (not as much as others who practice deliberately and consistently, though).
At some point I wanted to have a website, and learnt enough HTML to make that happen. I would blog angrily whenever I got pissed off, and these posts would often come forth like short bursts of torrential rainpour. These posts continue to get attention today, and they give me life and currency. I got hired because of my blog.

So in a sense I've been surviving by doing my own thing, perhaps largely because I've had a lot of difficulty doing it any other way.

But the thing is, depending on a very raw, random sort of energy can't actually get you very far. Watch say, The Joker in The Dark Knight. He claims to be all about chaos and randomness. Yet pay attention to the elaborateness of his schemes. They require significant logistics and planning! The randomness is a narrative, but the reality is more complex. Improvisation needs to be practiced and rehearsed. The unprepared eccentric genius is an act. There's typically a huge developmental stage that's hidden. (If you think about it, this is really dishonest. But people don't mind, because it serves the narrative, and ultimately the narrative is all that people care about. The rest is suspension if disbelief. But that doesn't work when you're trying to figure out how you ought to do things in real life.)

So I guess what I'm getting at, after the realization that I've both been misdiagnosed and misled to all my life (by people who didn't know better and tried to do the best with what they had), is that I need a clearer picture of what I am and where I stand in order to get from where I am to where I want to be.

Destination? I've had many big dreams over the years, many of them proving to be little more than eacapism. Every poor person fantasizes about what they'd do with a million dollars, when the more interesting, challenging and helpful question is- how do I make ten dollars more?

I realize that the simplest and most actually-gratifying future for me is one without anxiety. I've been plagued silently by fear and anxiety since I was in kindergarten because I never ever got my homework done. My life is a long list of unfulfilled obligations and missed deadlines. This has essentially always been the case and it is a huge source of fear and doubt for me. I've never doubted my own intelligence in terms of processing power. I know that I have the capacity to understand things if I really need to. What I doubt is my ability to commit to things, to follow things through. I'm flaky and forgetful and this has ruined friendships, my academics (which I can comfortably live without today, but it was thirteen unpleasant years for me where I always felt nauseous in the morning because of homework not done) and surely other things that don't come to mind right now.

I guess ADHD makes me realize there are some battles I cannot and will never win head on, and the best strategy for me is to avoid them entirely. This can mean sacrificing things that I enjoy and take for granted as a part of my life. If I were horribly overweight and it was causing me great pain and distress physically, emotionally, etc, I would take both drastic reductive measures and go for a walk every day. That's very easy for me to say because I'm a skinny bitch. My advice for an unhappy skinny bitch would be to flip that advice- do some squats and pullups every day or lift 3 times a week and drink milk every day. Yet somehow I'm not doing that, why? The rationalisation is that "this ain't so bad, I can live with this". But that's the sort of slow baby steps small changes that lead people to horrific circumstances. It always start small and tolerable. I don't want to scare myself with exaggerated horror stories like the stuff on cigarette packaging- even if the outcome sucks, I'd hate bullshitting myself, and I'll see right through it, anyway.

Where do you draw the line, healthily? And by healthy I mean in a way that is sustainable physically/emotionally for life.

I run into problems here because I'm talking about forces far larger and slower than the ones I'm personally used to having to deal with. Is my current system/way of living sustainable? It can be quite draining. Could I live years and years like this? Probably, but it would surely wear me down.
I went for remedial training yesterday. I had to do it because I missed my IPPT, and now I have 3 months to do 20 sessions. I spent the first half of the month waffling around, but I went for my first session yesterday and I've scheduled the remaining 19. Last year I missed my IPPT altogether and only was alerted about my RT when it was too late. I went for about 7 sessions,  the window expired and I had to go to MINDEF to explain myself (marriage, new job, new home, changed phone number, etc).

I was hoping to get my IPPT done this year, and made some vague plans to train for it. I went for one session and failed on the pullups (which I used to be really good at =/). And then I allowed myself to slip. So here I am. I am determined to complete my RTs this time, and use it as a proxy to get fit.

Picking the right narrative: Vanity, health, fun

It's occurred to me on a couple of occasions that I have an unhealthy or suboptimal model in my head about exercise, healthy eating, reading, sleep, hydration, all that good stuff. I had room for a few parallel narratives in my head, all oversimplistic, none particularly helpful.

The first is vanity-centric, and this was my dominant narrative as an adolescent. I was skinny and gangly and I wanted to be fit and muscular to earn the approval of my peers, and to be marginally more attractive to girls. At least, that was the hope and the plan. I was a slow gainer with a terrible diet, and made very little progress- and I was never able to sustain it for long. I knew deep down that being physically beautiful was a losing game. Your body will eventually atrophy and your looks will fade. Besides, my main source of social capital was my intellect and my ability to express myself. As long as I didn't look horrible, that would be enough, no? I don't know. Whatever the case, it didn't work for me, at least not by itself.

Another narrative- and this was probably the best one- was fun. This was when I used to play basketball, or go to the gym with friends. Or do pullups during recess in secondary school. This too depended on peer approval, but it was easier to stick with it. The peer pressure is immediate. This can be really powerful stuff. I smoke a lot more when surrounded by smoker friends. I smoke maybe 1% of the time when hanging out with my colleagues. You really are the average of the people you hang out with.

I think this is a strategy for lifestyle change that works. But you have to find the right peers- people who are committed deeply and aren't likely to flake on you. Mentors.

Projecting narratives on others

Another narrative I painted for others: obsessed, holier-than-thou. That was how I made sense of the mega-meatheads in the gym and the crazy ultramarathoners and the like. I convinced myself that these people must be really neurotic in some way and they have something that they desperately want to prove to themselves and/or others. (I am guilty of this myself, which is partially why I'm writing this). And so I put them in the Other box. Weirdos. I realize now that we're the same. We're all just pleasuring ourselves, one way or another.

Pleasure and Play

And here is where I get to my main point. Living well is pleasurable. It can be intensely pleasurable. I was used to this idea where exercise and healthy eating was a slog, a sacrifice that you have to make. Dues that you have to pay. I still see this narrative being featured on fitness blogs and Tumblrs. "I paid my dues. I made no excuses. I battled my demons and I won." That sort of thing.

I realize now that that narrative will never work on me. I hate work, I love play. The challenge for me is to turn everything into play. I'm not talking about gamification here. Gamification can make things stressful by getting you obsessed with one thing or another. Metrics. Winning. Keeping up. You get caught up with the scoreline and forget to enjoy yourself. Enjoy the glorious pleasure of being alive, of playing, of pushing yourself. I much prefer this flavor of narrative.

Exercise should be fun and for its own sake, that's my view. It can be serious business and all that, and it's okay to want to show off, but most fundamentally of all, you gotta enjoy it... or you might as well do something else you enjoy. I'm writing this partially because I committed myself to writing, but also because it's a delight to play with ideas and perspectives and sentences and thoughts. It's a joy. It should be the same for music, for programming, for learning, dating, sex,  marriage.

Of course, it won't always be. It'll also be a struggle and a slog. And it'll hurt. But I'm not talking about how, or what. I'm talking about why. I always need a good reason. And pleasure seems to be the best reason. Helping people is a joy. It's also noble and merciful and will get you to heaven or whatever, but if I do it I think I do it because it gives me joy.

I wonder how this applies to the rest of life. Quitting smoking might be difficult and painful, but it's also the pursuit of the joy and pleasure of being healthy.

I thought I'd just write this for fun. I first stumbled upon 2048 as a submission to Hacker News. I assumed it was some sort of dystopian novel, an updated version of 1984. I made a mental note to check it out later. I didn't until I saw people in my newsfeed talking about it. Turned out it was a game! A really simple, easy-to-learn game. I spent a few minutes mashing the buttons randomly. I might have gotten to maybe the 64 tile, or 128. I thought hm, kinda fun, but I'm done here.

Then I saw that a couple of people on Hacker News had completed it, and a bunch of my friends on Facebook were struggling with it. With renewed motivation, I got back into the game, developing a strategy of primarily using 2 directions, the 3rd when necessary, and the 4th only when truly forced to. This got me up to the 1024 tile. I got my colleagues started on it, and my wife. My wife got our housemate started, and I amusedly watched her go at it for hours.

I finally got the 2048 Tile after maybe a hundred games, maybe more. By then I had developed a 'feel' for the game. I was aware of the 'bigger picture' around the tiles, thinking several moves ahead, planning in real time how to set up the board for later-game wins. I started to experience flow playing the game.

The optimal mindset for me is to focus almost entirely on getting rid of each new 2 block as it appears, and concentrating all of the numbers into a few big blocks. (Having multiple 64s might seem like a good thing in the mid-game,  but you have to combine them or they'll choke you to death.) Perhaps a simpler heuristic is- get rid of every new block as fast as possible and keep the board as empty as possible. In that regard it's almost a little bit like tetris. Avoid setting up big chains unless you really know what you're doing.

I was pretty surprised to discover how effective the "get rid of the 2s" mindset works. In my earlier playthroughs, I obsessed about getting bigger numbers. I obsessed with making the 1024 block without paying attention to the rest of the board. I was choked, over and over again. On the flipside, when I focused on getting rid of the 2s, the larger numbers emerged naturally. When I finally got my 2048, it almost felt deceptively easy and effortless. I was just focused on getting rid of 2s.

Reflecting on that fact is what prompted me to write this. I wonder what else in life am I being choked by because I'm focused on the wrong thing? At work I tend to plan and obsess about grand ideas and big pictures. But that's like obsessing with the 1024 block and ignoring the board. What I need to do instead is to just methodically, systematically, ruthlessly, efficiently get the small stuff done.

Of course, life is not as simple as 2048. In 2048, every move introduces a new element. In life, sometimes you need to create the 2s yourself. While it's good and sometimes necessary to think about the picture, it also makes a lot of sense to focus on getting the little niggling tasks out of the way.
Written in April 2014.

Haven't been writing. Why? Any good reason? Feels like a natural ebb and flow. Got kind of tired. Felt like I was saying the same thing over and over again. Maybe I'm not managing my energy properly, maybe I'm not starting enough. It's not a chore, anyway. It's a pleasure, a privilege, and I should remember to think of it as such.

I have too many things I vaguely want to do and so I do none of them. Overly ambitious projects. I also feel like I should just focus on getting better at my work. I'm making progress, but I can't shake the feeling that it could be faster. In which case I wonder if I should be trying something more fundamental, like practicing meditation or something. Or if I should jusy compress my life into individual days, and take each day by itself.

Meeting and connecting people

The latest idea on my mind, I guess, is that I ought to be meeting people in real life. I want to meet people 1-1, and I want to organize drinks for small groups of smart people. I feel like that's something that's missing from my life. I always feel energized after goof conversations, and the nature of conversations in person is just different from chatting online- though even that is superior to 'regular broadcasting'. I've found that the best way to use Facebook, for me, is to go back to basics and connect with individuals via PM.

If I can't have a conversation with you that we both enjoy, why are we even 'friends'? It's just dead weight, people as redundancies, a safety buffer, a bucket list of sorts that we never get around to doing. A bookshelf of unread books. Some day, we say. I'm tired of waiting. I feel like I'm always waiting- waiting for a better day, a better mood, a flash of inspiration. But we all know that almost never happens. Inspiration is something you only get en route to something.

Challenging each other

Here's a thought. We live a certain number of days. Suppose I discount life before secondary school. Say I've lived 10 years- 14 to 24. 3650 days. How many of those days can I remember as days well spent? The two times I did standup. The 100 or so live shows I've played. The times I spent meeting people I cared about. I wouldn't actually count all the days I spent with my closest friends, because we were very comfortable together and probably took each other for granted to a large degree. We didn't really challenge each other much, we just validated each other's life scripts. The challenge is to see with new eyes. To meet old friends I haven't met in years. To meet new friends. To help people out. To try new things. To push myself harder. To move hard and fast, rather than to be flimsy- allowing the wind to take me, to fall into the same patterns/routines that haven't served me very well, haven't exactly helped me go anywhere.

There's a world of possibility open to me and a squander it. I imagine I will always be saying it, but at the very least I should get something done each day that allows me to go to bed with a smile on my face, thinking yes, that was a good day. Only then is it likely that I'll die thinking yes, that was a good life. That's the most we can do, right? Help and serve others. It's a big video game about managing the chemicals in your head. There are challenges to overcome. The easy path yields no fulfillment, driving in the grass gets boring after a few years.

I'm tired of being tired. I have great opportunities. I have a great home and a great job. I just waste my time because of shitty routines and an ill-disciplined mind that never had to work hard at anything. This is like the hundredth time I'm repeating myself about this. But I can't worry about sounding like an idiot. I made a commitment to write and I'm sticking to it. The voice will change with time, practice, experience. And it won't be perceptible in the short run so I got to just keep swimming, just keep swimming.

Arbitrary configuration of reality

Tired of waiting. Every moment is an arbitrary configuration that can be changed. So change it. The right amount of energy at the right points is all it takes. Vaguely flailing around doesn't help. Focused effort in the right direction. I'm going to reach work in a few minutes and I'm going to start with an intense burst of useful work. I can free up more time for myself if I sprint rather than dally.

Something that's been on my mind for a long time but I haven't properly put into words- everything about the world today is the way it is because of largely arbitrary reasons. To look at it through the lens of an individual's life- your life could be vastly different from what it is. We don't intuitively grasp this (or at least I don't) probably because for the most part, we don't usually question what we've inherited.

But there's no single overarching reason why things are the way they are. Things change all the time. We're just really good at explaining things on hindsight, at fitting everything into our existing (and often largely inherited) world views. We learn the ways of our families, our culture, our history, etc.

There's a quote by Steve Jobs about how the world is designed by people no smarter than you are- and very often when you're upset at something or frustrated by something, you can actually do something about it- you just probably don't realize it because it doesn't normally occur to you how things might be different, or how a path to that different state might look.

We err on the side of not rocking the boat

I had a elucidatory thought about this when having a conversation with the wife and a friend- let me try and jog my memory. We're generally biased to stick to the status quo. It's familiar, and we're quite wired to live and work with the familiar. When we have conversations with ourselves or others, we tend not to rock the boat or ask difficult questions. Most conversation serves the purpose of making us feel better about ourselves and validating our life scripts (see: Venkatesh Rao's Gervais Principle on ribbonfarm.com, see Losers). This is okay if you're satisfied with it, but hollow and draining if you're not.

Elon Musk talks regularly about soliciting negative feedback, especially from friends. That's a very different way of living. It's a more "scientific" form of living, in the make-hypotheses-and-seek-to-falsify-them sense. You learn nothing from confirming your hypotheses. It's like playing a video game and staying in the early levels over and over again- yeah you get better at doing low level stuff and you can even get some flow from that, but it's far more interesting to go to the next level.

Learning by falsifying

So I guess it's helpful to have a list of hypotheses that you're seeking to disprove. That's kinda what pro musicians and athletes do to improve their craft. They don't just noodle around with what they're familiar or comfortable with, they pick specific frontiers and push them to the breaking point- and it's at those breaking points that you witness really interesting/special things. That's when other people get interested in the stuff you're doing. I suppose that adequately describes scientific advancement too. Work at the frontiers of human knowledge.

I got too big too fast. I have nothing meaningful to say about the frontiers of human knowledge. My purpose here with my writing is to figure out how to improve my own quality of life, and perhaps help others in the process.
What withstands scrutiny?

Joy, companionship, curiosity. And even those pursuits have to be carefully managed, because there are things in the world that will give you hollow versions of those- cheap highs, disengaged company, unnecessary details. What do I think is best for me? What is the ideal portfolio of lived experiences, of pursuits?

I fall back on familiar truths. Art, music, conversations, food, writing. I'm experiencing discontent because I haven't been writing for myself for too long. When I don't prioritize the nourishment of my "soul" (which I'll define as my collection of beliefs, experiences, the foundational framework that I use to make sense of reality), I get edgy, cranky and I don't like who I am. That is a problem that I have to address early and head on. Life is too short and precious to live without liking who you are.

So I have to write. Not because I want to achieve something, even though I do. Not to impress others, though that would be nice. I have to do it because it calms me, it soothes that which is restless within me. I have to do it as therapy. It allows me to get on with the business of living, of listening. I understand the importance of being present for your life. To really see and to really listen with all of your mind. Yet I struggle to do that. I never really learnt how to. Nobody taught me, or if they did, I didn't quite get the message, and I don't practice it. I have to find a way that works for me. Once I've written, I can be calm. I can listen more fully, because I have said my part.

Revisiting healthy headspace

Is this something that I have been made aware of before? It's surely not the first time I've felt this way; I bet I could find entries in my livejournal from my teenage days where I've written things that could be interpreted in this light. But no matter. Coming back to this headspace feels healthy. Each time I come here I feel slightly rejuvenated. I feel a little more skilled, a little more aware. Is this the most important thing I have to say with my life? Maybe, maybe not. It's the most important thing I have to say at this moment, and that is enough for me.

Goals as escapism

I have all these goals that I keep in my life because they helped me give a semblance of structure to my identity. I'm a guy who wants to write a million words, a guy who wants to read a thousand books and watch a hundred good movies. It's a form of escapism- the goals don't exist to be fulfilled, they exist to fill a vacuum. I wouldn't know what to do if I actually caught what I say I'm chasing. I almost don't want to find out. I'll say that I do, but my actions say something else about what my priorities are.

My real priorities are comfort, safety and pleasure. I do what is easy, comfortable and pleasurable because I want life to be easy, comfortable and pleasurable. It doesn't take a genius to see that that's faulty logic. An easy life is hard work. Safety requires busting your ass. Pleasure follows exertion. So the end result is suboptimal. Life gets you down if you pursue what is immediate.

So now I come to a contradiction. I shouldn't use grand schemes and plans to "guide" my life, because they end up becoming wall decorations, bullshit storytelling devices. Ideally, with mindfulness, questioning and focus they become more useful than that- the story gets lived rather than fantasized about. (Though you do have to ask if there's anything wrong with enjoying a bullshit-fantasy-story. We all have our illusions.)

But for this moment let's assume the grand schemes hurt more than help, at least in the sense that they don't seem to guide behaviour as much as I'd like.

Committing to the random walk

On the flipside of grand scheming is "living in the moment". The problem with that for me is that I'm very boring in the moment. I check Facebook and Reddit in the moment. Be yourself... unless you're an Internet slob? I found myself agreeing with Nassim Taleb when he argued that the best writing is rarely planned. What you should do is decide on advance that you're not going to plan to achieve anything in a given day. Just take a random walk of sorts. And if something comes to mind then you just act on that. When I reflect on the stuff I've done that in proud of, a lot of it follows that pattern. The trick is to commit to the random walk. That's the hard part, largely because we've been so conditioned to be wary of such "deep idleness". So we make up busywork and little menial tasks and whatever else we occupy ourselves with.

Still... I haven't quite found a perfect or near-perfect rhythm that works for me for more than a few days, weeks, months. I like the idea of building a good habit that lasts decades. The only things that have stuck with me are heavy internet usage (Facebook, Reddit, Quora, Twitter) and smoking. I haven't been able to sustain a fitness habit or a reading habit or a writing habit and I want to. I think/know that I have to start with something small, and do it because I love it rather than because I feel like I need to commit to it (hence the earlier bit about writing for pleasure, joy and presence). And I need to reward myself to make the habit stick.

Dark Playground / "Just for doin' life!"

The problem is that I reward myself for no good reason- "just for doing life" (see also waitbutwhy.com's Dark Playground; I've spent most of my life in the Dark Playground and in Mixed Feelings Park when I ought to be in Flow). So it becomes harder to establish new habit/reward patterns. I suppose I just need to remind myself of how good it feels, and how much better it is than being in the Dark Playground. Or maybe I should remind myself of how shitty it would be to grow old and regret whatever it is I'm messing up now. Or maybe I should systematically try a different action/reward system every two weeks and track how I feel, and what my output is. Who knows. I probably shouldn't overcomplicate this- I'm writing this now primarily to keep a record as a reminder of how I have a tendency to unnecessarily overcomplicate things.

Focus / away from mindlessness

I know I have to pick one thing and do it well. If nothing else that is what I know, after the initial overcomplication I know that I have to pick one thing and let everything else sorta take second priority. I'm guessing it should probably be meditation. And/or early sleep. Or I just need to write for myself more regularly. Somehow the last one appeals to me the most even though it has the least clear benefit. I feel like if I get the shit out of my head, things would move more smoothly. If I clarify where I am with my life's work as a writer, I should be able to breathe easier and focus better on my work.

But is that true or am I bullshitting myself so I can do sexy work instead of more important shlep work? Hard to say. That said, I indulge in mindless nonsense all the time. Surely some sexy work as a stepping stone away from mindless indulgence is a tolerable step. And anyway fuck the world, I don't owe it anything. As long as I stay on top of my work responsibilities (pays the bills) and keep my health and marriage in order, I should be able to survive some minor experimentation.

So okay, writing. What do I need to do? First thing is to get back on track with the vomit summaries- I was at 70 or something. I need to summarize the rest of that shit and keep moving forward. I also need to demarcate the early and current ages of my blog. Ranty teenager days- when I was bitching about government and everything else, calling people names from the safety of my keyboard. Clarify my beliefs and desires.

Phew.

Yesterday was a glorious day for my head. I published a whole bunch of vomits all at one go, that I had done from March to May. I think I have a few more to go, but my wife suggested that I quit while I was ahead and get a good night's sleep. I chose the opposite path the last time I was in this situation, so I picked the other one this time. For science.

Morning conundrum

Oh before I get into the details of the vomits, I want to quickly get out what I think is a solution to my morning conundrum. This is something that happens over and over again- I wake up at 8 or 9am, and it feels too early and fresh to get out of bed. I tell myself I'll take a quick nap, and the next thing I know, it's 1130am and I'm going to miss lunch with my colleagues.

A while ago, I started keeping a book by my bed in the hope of facilitating a rekindling of the reading habit I had as a child. This wasn't enough- I learnt that I only read if I go to bed early and fresh. If I'm working late, I get to bed tired and grumpy and I'm just thinking about how little sleep I'm going to get before the next day.

I went to bed fresh and early last night, so reading was the natural choice of action before bed. I started getting sleepy and had to stop halfway, so I put a pen in the book (I scribble in all of the books I own) and went to bed.

So this morning when I woke up, I found myself thinking "I really want to go back to sleep, but I know deep down that I don't really need to, and that I'll regret it if I do." And then a thought crossed my mind- I haven't finished reading! And I was filled with joy and glee, because here's an elegant solution to my problem! If I read before bed, I will be inclined to pick up where I left off on the morning. So that's an incentive to read at night, which in turn is an incentive to be more efficient in the way I work. At least that's how I hope it's going to play out.

The vomits

I had totally forgotten that I had a whole bunch of vomits done and waiting in March. I hadn't really titled then properly, so it wasn't clear what they were. They could've been drafts. Lesson learnt: title vomits properly.

I had been all clogged up because of shitty bookkeeping- my already-published vomits were misnumbered and repeated, and the screwup upset me so much that I simply didn't have the heart to move on. Or the know-how, really. How do you move forward when things are stuck? Do you just keep going? On hindsight I think I did what ought to be done- fix the misnumbering and remove the repeats, and explain confused chronology as addendums. But it wasn't clear until I let it kick around in my head for a while. And it was a little too depressing to address directly. Maybe. I don't know. I'll have a clearer (but maybe less accurate?) picture with more hindsight. Oh well. Reality is messy.

I'm thankful to my past self for writing vomits even when the bookkeeping was clogged. I think that's progress, I think that's something I didn't do when I was younger and my present and future selves lose out from the lack of historical data. (By that I meant to say that I used to go completely dark when the going got tough, and I wish I had more accurate records of what I was thinking then so that I don't have to rely on unreliable recollections.)

I've been keeping all my writing on Evernote, which feels like a repository, an extension of my mind. The problem is that it's rarely entirely clear where I'm going with my vomits- I only really know what they're about when I'm going through them after I've written them. So if I've written a whole bunch of stuff and I haven't ordered or processed them carefully, and real life starts getting in the way, I start feeling really uneasy and anxious. It's like having a really messy house.

I know, I could throw everything out and start over, but I don't feel like I could bear that- even though I know that this whole 1000 vomits structure is completely arbitrary. I want to keep and use everything while I'm going through this process- even the messy, ugly stuff- because I think the bad or ugly stuff is necessary as part of the overall statement. I can discard everything in future projects, but not this one. It would be a little disingenuous, inaccurate, even dishonest. And if I may be honest- the idea of having to start over just breaks my heart. So I'll just keep going the way I'm going.

Joy of decluttering

It feels so incredibly good to go through the vomits in my drafts on Evernote and to publish them. As I re-read them, I feel more clarity about my thoughts. It’s like having all these really fragile, shaky towers of thought that need scaffolding and foundation to be properly secured- if I don’t secure them by publishing them, I feel like I’m constantly trying to keep all of them up in the air, and that’s incredibly draining. It keeps me from being able to devote my full focus and attention on the task at hand.

And again, I know that I theoretically have the option of just letting everything go- (let it go, let it go)- to let it all collapse, and then start over with the rubble. It’s not like anything is particularly important. But I just have an inkling that that would be terribly wasteful, a tragedy of sorts. Scorched earth is something you do when you’re utterly desperate, right? And I don’t want to do that. So I’ll just keep going.

So right now my priority is to declutter and eliminate the rest of the notes and drafts that I’ve accumulated in my extended-mind repository, so that I can clean that out and see what the floor actually looks like. And once I do that, I think I’ll be able to see new connections that I haven’t quite noticed yet. Reminder to self: There won’t be any single silver bullet that makes everything better all of a sudden. Rather, I’ll have to work at it bit by bit, piece by piece. But that’s somehow really exciting and fulfilling. I know what I must do, and I’ve done the basic groundwork necessary to begin the heavier lifting. I’m glad to come to this.

Future

I tried to keep a thought alive in my head while I was on the train on the way to work- and here it is: When things got ugly, messy and strained, I did contemplate giving up. It would’ve been easier. It felt like nothing was coming out, and I entertained the thought that I might’ve been done, that this was it. That I had finally run dry. But another part of me told me not to be so certain, that I don’t have enough information, that I can’t predict the future. After all, Dan Gilbert convinced me resoundingly that we lack the imagination to make accurate predictions about our future selves, and that we change way, WAY more than we can even conceive. So I’m betting on me overcoming all of these things- or at least most of these things, or at least ENOUGH of these things- to make my life look very, very different from now. You have to believe, because the data shows a very different picture from the flawed, biased projection created by the limited, small-minded human.

Heh. Funny how that sounds almost religious. I’m guessing that’s what the more enlightened trust-in-God folk mean when they say what they mean. You just have to protect yourself against the downside, too. We’ll see.

Anyway- what I do remember is, I was between 62 and 64.5kg for several years, from when I was 16 to 22 years old. I know this because at several points in that time I used to hit the gym to try and build some muscle, gain some weight. At my best, I managed to hit 65kg, which was always an exciting milestone for me... yet before long I'd slip on my diet and fall back below 65kg.

So it was a huge surprise for me to discover that I now weigh about 78kg. I somehow put on a good 13-15kg without really noticing or realising it, seemingly in a 1 year time frame. I don't even really see the weight; where did it go? I still look pretty skinny. There are two explanations I can think of, probably both working in tandem.

Firstly, I must have stopped growing taller- I read somewhere that a large part of a teenager's caloric consumption is used by the body to build the skeleton. My skeleton must have finished growing by nos.

Secondly, I must have imperceptibly changed my diet. This is a consequence of the two big changes in my life- moving out of my parents' place, and starting work. I eat pretty hearty lunches with my colleagues, and I eat dinner with my wife on most evenings. I must have been missing more meals as a teenager- I'd often skip dinner, for example. It dawns on me that I've actually been starving myself for most of my life, and I didn't realize it because I grew accustomed to being hungry, and because I lose my appetite when I'm anxious, nervous or scared (often happens when I have deadlines to meet, and I'm not on track.)

In relation to that, I tend to feel weak, lazy and lethargic because of my eating habits. I think I get low blood sugar levels, which make me slightly sleepy or faint, and I'm very unproductive when I'm like that. I don’t think this is a new thing, I think I’ve actually suffered from this since I was a teenager but I simply accepted it as how life was supposed to be. I thought everybody got lethargic and tired the way I did, and it didn’t occur to me that there might be something wrong with me or the way I was doing things.

Small causes, big effects

Sometimes it's crazy to think about how geography affects civilization and geopolitics- such mundane, physical things affecting human lives, causing pain, suffering, anguish. But that shouldn't be surprising at all. We are all physical creatures, with our own biology and chemistry. Our moods are affected by our physical activity, by our diet. I've always thought I don't have any problems- I'm young, I'm healthy. A little unfit, maybe, but because I'm lazy rather than any deeper issues. Issues are for other people, issues are dramatic and powerful... or so I thought.

On hindsight though, it's clear that I had and continue to have some issues that need to be resolved in order for me to live a happy, fulfilling life. Thinking about "bigger things" like politics and philosophy are fun, interesting, but if I wanted a better life, a better diet, better sleep, better exercise, a system of writing practice, etc would do me a whole lot more good than just thinking. And the two aren't mutually exclusive. Getting better at the basics puts you in a place where you think more clearly, etc.

Small things are unsexy

Somehow, talking about small causes is just unsexy. Thinking about them is unsexy. Taking the trouble to apply them to yourself is unsexiest of all. One of my greatest weaknesses goes roughly as follows: If I can understand the intellectual argument for something, if I can understand the logic of something, I’m done with it. I don’t need to do it. I don’t need to try it out for myself. It is right, it is good, yes. I accept it without trying to incorporate it into my own existence. So I know all the good things to say, and I know all the good advice to give people who are going through rough times, but it never fully occurs to me to full-heartedly take my own advice, because I convince myself that these aren’t particularly rough times. I’m not particularly going through a crisis. But that’s how life goes, isn’t it? Every moment is now. Nothing is ever serious enough to warrant intervention, until your entire situation is different and you’re far too entrenched, too far gone.
I’ve written quite a few blogposts about the importance of baby steps, of doing little things that add up into big things. Yet I have so much trouble adapting that to my own life. I have so much hubris. I think I’m above it all, I think I’m beyond it all. This isn’t a permanent thought- I think it when I’m up, and then I suffer for it when I’m down, but once I’m out I feel like the next time will be different. It’s the classic procrastinator cycle that hundreds of thousands of people on reddit and tumblr relate to wholeheartedly. (Unrelated: I’m getting annoyed by how little I've been working on my personal writing. I should sit down and measure how much I've written, exactly. I'm simultaneously impatient for big things to happen and averse to doing tiny things that don't seem to make a tangiblr difference- again, even though I intellectually know that big things are the sum of small things.)

How many times do I have to talk about small things before I make real headway on getting them done? How much headway do I need before I satisfy myself with the amount of effort I’m putting in? I’ve been doing pull-ups at the playground downstairs from my flat, and I’ve been reading more, and I haven’t missed any actual deadlines at work. I’m making progress on all fronts, but I’m still dissatisfied because I’m still so aware of how much I’m allowing to slide. I could be so much more.

Baby steps. I have to assume that this will take years.
I've been really frustrated with the state of discourse in most fields. Most people are, in my biased opinion, caught up in discussions that are suboptimal. This happens on Facebook, sure,  but also on Quora, on blogs, on Reddit, on Hacker News, everywhere.

Prioritization in discourse

We rarely start with the principle of "what's the most important, interesting, useful and/or surprising thing we could be talking about?" I like the Give It 100 principle: Don't bother talking about anything until you've done the homework, you've experimented enough that others can learn from your experience.

If you look around, people are mostly repeating the same thing over and over again. We discuss things like the optimal color for a Call-To-Action button, or what the best social tools are, or what time you ought to tweet people... all really relatively trivial, mundane stuff.

The real important work tends to happen in the trenches. What are those people reading. I have a feeling Steve Jobs didn't sit around reading listicles on the Internet.

An interesting thing I've noted is that a lot of really successful people like to read biographies and autobiographies of other successful people. Probably because there's less fortune cookie wisdom and more case studies to study, analyse and learn from.

You'll learn more as an entrepreneur from reading about the lives of entrepreneurs than from listening to their victory lap speeches at university commencements.

Utilitarian approach to social media

Another thing I've been thinking about or developing in real time is a utilitarian approach to social media. Everybody has a slightly different approach, but I think the casual laidback thing people do on Facebook is to add familiar faces- that guy from the neighbouring class from school 8 years ago, etc. Kinda what we used to do with MSN messenger, where more contacts = more contact options. We Like a bunch of pages for all the products we use, music we listen to, etc.

What we didn't realize when we were starting out is that we'd eventually develop a newsfeed- there wasn't really such a thing in 07 or 08. We didn't realize that we'd be flooded with notifications and data that might not actually be useful to us. And we sorta live with it. Similarly for Twitter I think many of us just mindlessly follow friends and celebrities, as well as social media profiles of brands we like.

All of that is fine if you plan to just be a sort of casual social media user. But I'm always craving something better when it comes to Newsfeeds, so I've developed a rather rigorous system.

VISA’S UTILITARIAN SOCIAL MEDIA ADVICE

#1: Avoid broadcasters. 

Don’t bother following anyone or anything that posts links without @ mentioning people. Only follow people who reply to mentions- that's how you build relationships. If you're not either learning or building relationships, you're wasting your time.

#2: Avoid celebrities and organisations. 

Don't bother following social media accounts of celebrities unless you're confident of getting reciprocated, or you're studying them for a very specific purpose. So there's no reason for me to follow @whitehouse or @barackobama unless I'm planning to study the nuances of how they post.

If you follow the right people, you'll still see news from CNN, etc retweeted on your feed.You didn't need to follow Ellen to see a picture of the Oscar selfie. If something is important enough and you're following quality individuals, the news will get to you anyway.

An exception for me- I follow ST's Foreign Desk because they share genuinely interesting news that gives me a lot of context on global issues. Regular Straits Times news is generally uninteresting and I don't need it. When it's interesting, I'll see it in my feed.

#3: Follow thoughtful people in your industry who'll actually talk to you.

This is part of a lengthy process that earns you credibility if you have anything useful to say. This is digital networking. Don't sell your shit, just focus on adding value to conversations. If you don't know how to do that, get off social media and go do some reading. Quora is a great place to practice. Trial and error until you start getting answers with hundreds of upvotes.

Reddit is a pretty good place to practice, too. Go into any subreddit of your interest and study the /top and /gilded threads and reverse engineer what works. As a general rule, you either gotta be really witty, really entertaining or really useful- or some combination of the three.

In almost every case you'll see people going the extra mile. That's what gets rewarded. Some lawyer enters a thread and gives a well-researched answer that expands the mind of others. Etc. Give people information they wanted but didn't have, or present the information they already have in a more elegant way.

#4: Post nice replies to anything personal. 

Someone posts something about an anniversary, birthday, funeral, or even just how tired they are? Go in, be nice, be supportive. They'll associate you with positive emotions. Insert cheesy quote about how people don't remember what you said or did, but they'll always remember how you made them feel.

#5: Bring something to the table. 

Some people have massive audiences and get tonnes of responses. Justin Bieber, for instance. Millions of teenage girls think they can get Justin to follow them just because they posted something on his wall. That's a losing game. If you want to get to Justin, you have to find out what he wants/needs, and who his managers and gatekeepers are.

If you want an investor to invest in your startup, it's really bad form to approach them directly. So bad, in fact, that many (most?) investors use that as a shit test to weed out the amateurs. If you're really an entrepreneur, you'll find a way to get an introduction.

Plot out a map of relationships between yourself and the person you want to reach. It'll take at most 7 steps, and honestly it's more likely to be 3-5. Of course, even that is the easy part. Suppose I'm 4 steps from Elon Musk. (Actually, 1- the ex head of hiring at SpaceX is following me on Twitter.)

Despite this "easy entry point", it would be disrespectful for me to approach her to set up an introduction if I have nothing meaningful to say. That's how relationships work. I would only introduce you to someone else if you convince me that the introduction will benefit my friend and make me look good in the process- otherwise you're begging, and those social situations are awkward and sad.

I think Elon Musk described once how Larry Page introduced him to Steve Jobs at a party, but he had nothing meaningful to say so that was that. A party is a nice/neutral space for random introductions, but still the point is- you have to bring something to the table.

#6: Have a blog. 

If you're connected to the Web in any way and you plan to make a living off of it, and you don't have a blog, I personally think you're an idiot. I'm sorry, I do. Exceptions can be make if you're really famous or prolific already, or you're working on something really notable- my boss doesn't need a blog because he's running a startup, so in a sense the startup is his blog. But if you're a nobody like me, start a blog.

I got employed because of my blog; I have neither a degree nor a resume. My blog is my resume. Think about it, resumes (and academic papers, but that's another story) are highly outdated, designed for an era with gated distribution. Why send a resume to 100 people when you can have a blog that brings you 100,000++ hits? A blog allows people to discover you at their own time and pace, searching for what they care about. You no longer have to constrain yourself to a resueme's limitations.

Your employers are probably going to Google you. What do you get when your full name is Googled? A blog allows you control over that narrative. I've done business over Twitter, I've sold tshirts over Facebook. Digital real estate is a very real thing, it's easily accessible, if you don't have a blog you're dramatically missing out on the best way to establish yourself internationally. Search means that stuff you wrote in the past has a chance of blowing up (in a good way) in the future.

If you're a nobody, blogging is a really good way to become a somebody. Just write passionately about the things you care about.

6: Hide/unfollow anybody who posts toxic rubbish. 

The heuristic I’d use is- imagine you’re your own personal assistant. What would you flag for your attention? Does this information enrich your life? No? Then it's meaningless noise- which isn't just a waste of time, it's a waste of your mental bandwidth. Time arguing with internet trolls is time not spent building something. Of course, some argument can be good practice, but it's very easy to fall into the trap of fighting for the sake of fighting. Life is short and your resources are limited, so pick your battles carefully.

#7: Be as useful as possible.

It's tempting to fall in love with your own voice and start tweeting/posting inane bullshit, but this is a noisy thing that people get tired of. If you want to create value in the social media space, a good starting point is "always be useful." That can mean posting funny/entertaining/thought-provoking stuff. But make sure you have in mind how your post (s) are going to be interpreted. This is relatively trivial to fix. Mostly it just means giving a quick look at anything you're going to post, and ask "Am I stroking my own genitals with this one?"

#8: Don’t link to anything you can’t defend or explain. 

Buffer has a bunch of suggestions for generic links and quotes, and while I'm sure they're well-intentioned, I personally find it rather annoying and noisy. I don't care about what Abraham Lincoln said; if I wanted to know I'd follow an Abraham Lincoln novelty account. Maybe this is unique to power users like me who aren’t interested in discovering shit that I’ve already heard a thousand times over.

Same for links about the optimal times to post a blogpost. That's like rearranging deckchairs on the titanic. The only really important question is- how do I post content that actually expands people's minds? Build a reputation for posting especially good quality stuff; it'll serve you well.

The danger of sharing superficial stuff is that superficial folk will favorite and retweet it, and it'll look like you're "making progress". This is deceptive and dangerous if you're serious about creating long term value. I suppose it's not necessarily wrong, but the litmus test for me is the crowd you attract. I find opportunity folk to be a bit sleazy and I just don't enjoy the conversations that I have with them.  Your mileage may vary.

If nothing else, read WaitButWhy's 7 ways to be insufferable on Facebook, and avoid doing all of that.

Upturn the Downturn

So what am I curious about? I don't care right now that's not interesting to me at the moment. (Heh.) What's interesting to me right now is to figure out how to get out of what feels like a "downturn" and get into "the zone" again. I used to do 2 word vomits a day, I'd like to get back into that groove. How?

Think Big But Work Small

First I need to do small things. I'm burdened needlessly by big plans and big ambitions that are too large to chew on. I just keep them around as psychological clutter to make me feel better about myself. I need to discard all of them and focus on what I can do each day.

I suggested to the wife that we do a "daily review" of our days every night before we go to bed. Today will only be the second day but I'm inordinately excited about it because I think it's an elegant solution to multiple problems. I think it will stick. (7 months later: No, it hasn’t. I think we’re generally in the right direction, but progress has been cumbersome and slow, and boring.) We both need more positive peer pressure from each other, we need to kinda "align" each other better,  I think a daily, deliberate discussion will help. I'm looking forward to it.

You know but you don’t know

It always seems like I already know everything I need to know about what I ought to do. I haven't read a single piece of advice lately that resonated with me. This is relatively new, and I think it stems from the fact that I have "so much" life experience now (a drop in the bucket, I know) that I will learn more from analysing my own experience than from reading generalised stuff. Or maybe not. I need to start from the basics again- sleep, write, read. I just need better reading diets. Less random online nonsense, more deliberate selections. I need to keep clearing old drafts and keep shipping little things, if only just to get them out of my skull. Whatever works, man.

No grand ideas. No big ambitions. The only task at hand is self mastery. To fulfill my obligations. Today I committed to being early for work, which I was. I kept repeating to myself that I had to jump out of bed when my alarm went off, and I did. Whoopee! I need to grease that groove and set it in stone.

I can surely increase my output, I just need to make my days more deliberate.

Peer groups

Let's talk peer groups. I'm beginning to suspect that my peers have defined me more than I have defined myself.

I think I have been more susceptible to peer pressure than I realise. I think my peers influence my behaviour more than I influence my own, commitment devices notwithstanding. [1]

Consider this. I picked up smoking because my band mates were smokers. I largely quit smoking because my colleagues are non-smokers. And while it feel good to claim that I quit smoking for my health and whatnot- if my boss brought out a pack and offered me a cigarette, you bet your ass I'd be right back on the cancer train.

How much is this valid, how much does it take? I think it gets complicated because er typically have multiple peer groups at any one time and we can sorta switch between them- and even in within a particular group we might have a particular identity. I never felt shamed by my tamil class to do my tamil homework. Actually many of them liked me for it, because time the teacher spent scolding me was time that they could sit back and relax.

But I've betrayed peer groups before... (I bail on people. It's a horrible problem, incredibly selfish and hurtful of me). But I'll rationalise that by saying that I didn't think of them as "true peers". I think Quora and my colleagues are two examples of peers that I aspire towards, in the sense that I'm very eager to impress them. I mean, I love receiving praise from anyone, but these are people whose opinions kinda go further with me.

I think thinking about my colleagues is an interesting example. I love my colleagues very much, and I’m eager to impress them, help and support them, to contribute to the team and see us all achieve something remarkable. Despite this, I sometimes catch myself being tardy with my work. I think that’s a clear proof that I have internal issues that go beyond the “oh, if you’re not crazy about work it means you haven’t found the right work” idea. Procrastination runs deep into my heart, beyond environment. I procrastinate even doing the things I love. So only I can fix that.

[1] On commitment devices: I have often if not always sabotaged my own commitment devices. I didn't really study for my A levels even though I paid for it with my own money. I didn't train for my half marathon even though I signed up. In both cases perhaps just taking the initial action felt good and I didn't follow up.

What was missing? What would I have needed to do to followup? Is it simply the case that both the A Levels and a half-marathon strike me as fundamentally unsound, not worth bothering with? Or could I still rearrange my life and elements in a way that would make me do the things that I say I want to do? Can I combat akrasia, or is it simply a sign that something bigger is wrong?
This post was started in Jan 2014, and completed today.

My blog started out as a random cache of brain farts and rants, and I think that won’t ever change. It's a woodshed where I hone my fundamental (tactical) writing ability. It's also an RandD center for my (strategic) writing and thinking. And I reflect on my life as I go, so I also refine and improve my objectives along the way.

So change is inevitable if you keep blogging. As long as you keep an open mind and you allow the world in, it’s literally impossible to write the same thing over and over again, even if it seems like that’s what you’re doing for a few months or years. (Here I’m reminded of something that YungSnuggie said about Kanye West- how he sounds new and fresh because he allows broader music to influence him, and yet he still keeps a “signature Kanye” sound because he does the production himself. And I’m also thinking now about a ribbonfarm article about different levels of freedom as expressed by an artist- something about predictability and growth. I think both of those things will be worth your time more than this post.)

Choosing better things

Back to my own blog: What has changed? Ability, for one. But that's not very interesting- anybody who does something for a period of time is going to get better at it. That's a very vague, imprecise statement. What exactly got better? I think I choose better things to focus on now, because I take a wider view (from experience). I notice more interesting details.

An interesting, telling detail that's poorly described is a lot better than an irrelevant detail that's well described. In fact, an interesting detail is almost always automatically described "well"- the fact that it's interesting makes it "fresh". No, sorry- an interesting detail will always seem better described than an equally well described detail that's not as interesting.

That’s how good songwriters “defeat” good technical musicians. Not-bad music done great isn’t as interesting or compelling as great music done not-bad.
Sometimes a seemingly irrelevant detail can have a "broader relevance", some sort of witty, humorous or ironic effect. Maybe it creates foreshadowing, juxtaposition or some other sort of intended effect. Achieving this requires a deep understanding of the landscape you're exploring, and you don't get that by practicing embellishments. You get that by picking better, more interesting details. You get there through rigorous questioning and examination.

When you pick better details- things that challenge, amuse, surprise you, you naturally get better writing. The progress is not linear. Getting better requires being rather ruthless with past ideas and perspectives. Your initial projections are almost always guaranteed to be due for corrections. In fact, I'd be a little worried if you don't find yourself having to change things up in a dramatic way from time to time. It means that you're not learning, not growing- at least, not at the rate at which you could be. If you're not making mistakes you're playing it too safe.

Rhythm and pace

There are things that you pick up that are almost imperceptible, like a sense of rhythm and pace. You only observe the differences after extended periods of time. Have you ever looked back at your old Facebook Timeline posts from 2007, or maybe some old writings or emails? It's dramatic how different the language is- it's almost like reading the thoughts of a different person. You inevitably cringe at how some aspect of your expression was lacking in nuance. Maybe you were using too many big words in an eager attempt to impress or intimidate others. I used to use lines like "I'm not so arrogant as to say..." which on hindsight was unnecessarily self-obsessed. I'm totally self-obsessed, of course, but that doesn't mean that it needs to show in my writing.

(July edit: Heh, I’m reading this 6 months after I wrote it, and I find myself cringing at how unnecessarily tedious my writing is. I’m guessing this will continue to be the case.) 

This post ended abruptly, as many of my vomits do. Maybe I was writing on a commute and reached my destination. Let me try and wrap up what I think I was trying to say.

Becoming a better writer

Writing about becoming a better writer is a funny, humbling, self-referencing thing. If you’re a decent enough writer, and you’re self-aware, you know that you’re going to cringe at your own advice sooner or later. But it’s worth doing anyway, because it’s scaffolding that helps you make your thoughts more precise. Even if it’s relatively ugly in the transitional stage. (We’re always in the transitional stage. We’re always in beta.)

I think the single most important thing I’m learning about becoming a better writer is to focus on the objective, on the end-goal. What do you want to achieve with your writing? What do you want the reader to feel? You have to look at your work with a reader’s eyes, and get a sense for how they’re going to feel about it. Which parts are going to bore them? Which parts are going to excite them? Which parts just get in their way? What is the journey you want them to take?

As a general rule, it helps to immerse yourself in as much of the reading and research as possible, and then try to force yourself to make things as succinct as you can. Draw two sets of sketches- one that captures as much detail as possible, and then one that uses as few lines as possible. You never really know what exactly you’re trying to say until you make the effort to summarise and compress it. I know Ribbonfarm has some good things to say about this- about writing density.

Rework

The main thing I’m getting out of this trainwreck of a post is a sense of amusement at how this ended up so cumbersome while saying so little. When I scan through these words, I conjure up a wealth of images and thoughts, but that’s because they correspond to things inside my head. I imagine anybody reading this would just get confused, frustrated and annoyed. (But hey, I’m writing primarily for myself here, so if you’re reading this you’re a little weird. You brought this on yourself.) What should I do? I should start over. I should wipe the slate clean, think about what the most fundamental truths are, and figure out the best way to position them. Then wipe the slate clean, again. And this is the whole process. This is the pleasure of it. It’s awesome to look at your old writing and cringe. Because it means that you’re getting better.
LifeGame

So. We have this LifeGame, and we ought to make the most of it. We don't have to, but I've kind of played around in the "I decide not to decide" space for long enough, and I find that suboptimal. That's Mixed Feelings Park. And I don't want to spend life in Mixed Feelings Park, I want to spend it in Flow, and in the Good/Light Playground. I want to be happy, full of joy. No anxiety. This means developing skills, abilities. This means some degree of will-to-power, not for its own sake but so that you can navigate LifeGame with more finesse. You don't want to get stuck here and there, you don't want to mope and be miserable because some random small monster takes you down. I want to be strong so I can protect and help others.

Okay? So I think I've resolved that. LifeGame, to play or not to play? I choose play. Since you're going to play, you have to take it seriously (while acknowledging that it's ultimately a game). I mean serious here in the sense of "earnest" rather than "grave". Poker can provide a useful analogy. Taking poker seriously means learning how the game works, learning the odds, learning the hands, learning to read people. It also means not getting overly attached to the outcome. You can have fun with it. You can play with it like an artist, rather than get bludgeoned by it. You know you might lose everything, but at least you did the best you could and you had fun. You played your cards right.

Choosing an overall strategy

So. I choose to acknowledge LifeGame, and I choose to play it, and I choose to play it well. Choosing to play it well means figuring out what your personal utility functions are. What gets you off, sustainably over the context of your LifeGame? So a cigarette gives me utility over 5 minutes. Heroin might do the same. I think if you have 5 minutes left to live, heroin is a great idea.

The problem is that you seldom knowingly know that you have 5 minutes to live. I can reasonably assume that I have at least 10-20 years left, and at best I might have a 100 years left. Cigarettes greatly diminish the quality of that life. So they're a detrimental choice in LifeGame. When you start thinking in terms of such broader contexts, things like eating and living healthily, exercising, etc make more sense. Getting into petty disagreements and arguments on Facebook and the Internet make less sense. They might be fun in the short term, they might feel meaningful in the short term, but they're really just distractions.

If you're not building assets that compound over time, you're wasting your time- at least, again, assuming that you have at least 10 years to live. If you have an hour left to live, shoot up all you like. Ignore me. These are thoughts for optimizing a good 40-80 years of LifeGame.

What to do?

Okay. So what do I do, then? What do I want to create? What do I want to experience? My wife was asking me about this.  What am I excited about? I did some pretty dramatic things by getting married and buying a house and getting a job. I got a couple of cats. I have a job with awesome colleagues. But things have been fairly stagnant since then. Or at least, they've been progressing steadily, but it feels a little "boring" in its steadiness. My daily routine is a little boring. This is my own problem, not anybody else's. I should figure out how to get more out of my own life, I should figure out how to be at peace with myself if I die tomorrow.

Anyway, I realize that I've been carrying tonnes and tonnes of thoughts in my head for over a year, maybe. And it takes a bit of shaking around, a bit of colliding with other ideas, a bit of video-watching, people-talking, all of that stuff... before it starts to coalesce into something meaningful. And I feel like I'm on to something here, by taking what I've learnt over the past 1.5 years, by taking these new ideas and perspectives and lens and applying them to older, more fundamental pursuits.

Legion Of Heroes -&gt; The Pipeline

I went through a phase where I was very obsessed with the idea of becoming a hero. I'd use "visaisahero" (Visa Is A Hero) as a username on multiple places. It was my MSN name. I was obsessed with this idea of becoming a hero- somebody who rose above herself and her circumstances to achieve great things for others. But somehow that never really took off the way I wanted it to. It was a vague, naive, narcissistic and fantastic ideal. It wasn't actionable enough. The fundamental dream was real inside my head, but I hadn't figured out what I was going to do about it. I had this vague idea that I'd just write about heroism, write blogposts about how to be heroic, and that I'd fake it until I made it.

That sort of died-ish. In the meantime, I had been writing about Singaporean politics and media news and stuff, and that got me a bunch of attention. But I never quite managed to let go of my original Heroes idea. I always felt that life could be much more interesting than as determined by happenstance. There had to be other people like me out there, people who were working on interesting things, tackling interesting problems, and there had to be a way to reach out to them and help them achieve great things. I created a community on Facebook called (n_n)/ for friends to invite other thoughtful friends, so we could have nice conversations. These were really pleasant and thoughtful, but the nature of the medium made it more of a relationship/friendship building space rather than a vehicle for any serious change or construction. The only place I can actually imagine that actually happening is on an independent site or forum of some sort.

I knew that I wanted something. I knew I wanted more than what I was, what I had. But I didn't know how to make it any more precise than I already had so far. I wanted to be more, to be better. But in what sense?

Creative Collision (synaptic stimuli!)

I was watching a couple of TED talks earlier when I was having lunch. First I re-watched Elizabeth Gilbert's talk about genius and creativity. Then I watched Bill Gates talk about Innovating to Zero. And something stirred in me. As I watched these, I re-thought about other things that I've enjoyed watching, and how they cause certain conceptual collisions inside my head that trigger off a chain reaction. I realize that I ought to have a better formula for getting unstuck when I get stuck. I realize that I ought to share that formula with others who might be in the same boat as I was. And then things start getting clearer.

I don't need to try and achieve something lofty. Rather, I need to try to achieve something highly specific and localized, that only I can do. And it can (even should?) start with something almost ridiculously hyper-precise, and hyper-unique to my own condition. Let me attempt to phrase it.

I personally want to see a slight shift in the world, where people celebrate scientific achievement and throw themselves at achieving the goals that improve the lot of our species. Specifically, the work of people like Elon Musk and Bill Gates come to mind, but really, anybody who's doing basic research, anybody who's improving science and technology, anybody who's helping to lift people out of poverty, solve our energy problems, so on and so forth. I don't want to reinvent the wheel there, I am willing to follow the visions of people who are smart and have put in the work already.

I am tired and underwhelmed of spectator sports and the path-of-least-resistance that "the media" often takes. I find it almost sad and ridiculous that people worry about celebrities and about sports when there are things happening at much larger scales. I suppose those things might seem more scary because they're so consequential, but the idea of living life while caring about artificially created meaning scares me. I don't mean to insult people who do that. I'm almost kind of jealous of people who can pick a sports team and be loyal to it for life and decide that that's somehow a meaningful thing to do. For me it feels too artificial and constructed. And yes I know that all meaning is ultimately constructed, but shouldn't we be working on things that have real and positive repercussions on other people?

Not necessarily. It's all arbitrary. There is no single right way of doing things. Just ways of doing things that might be us amusing ourselves into the abyss, or us trying to build something and help people... also in the face of the abyss. I personally find that there's something really exciting about the work that really smart people are doing, and it excites me more than sports or celebrities. If you disagree, then this isn't the place for you. I'm still happy to share this precious planet with you, but you should probably go hang out somewhere else.

Paul Graham describes essays as cleaned-up trains of thought. My vomits aren't cleaned up at all. They're fully messy, fully random, fully chaotic. Everything just gets spilled out, and it probably makes little to no sense to anybody other than myself. But that's okay, I can clean them up later. I'm just dumping out the lego bucket.

I think there must be kids out there in the world right now who are going through what I went through 10 years ago, 5 years ago. And I think back to how lost and confused I was at those points in time. I wonder what I would do if I encountered my younger self right now. What questions would I ask him? What advice would I give him? How would I help him make better decisions, without exactly telling him what to do, or asking him to do my bidding? That's the blog that I need to have. I need to clean up the messy path that led me from there to here, so that others can skip the mistakes that I made en-route. So I need to be highly specific.

I'm going to write a bunch of blogposts that detail the biggest mistakes I made. The biggest lessons I learned. The things that I wasted my time with. The things I wish I did earlier. The videos, movies and books that made the biggest difference to me.

The people I will be writing for? ENTPs. Geminis. People with ADHD. People who did well in school early on, but became underachievers afterwards. People who were told they were smart, but weren't taught to work hard. People with horrible time management skills. People who are flighty, unreliable, untrustworthy. People who used to read books under their desks at school. People who are addicted to Facebook or Reddit instead of building things in their spare time that might have lasting value. People who have always felt like they ought to be building something, but suspect that they're not good enough, or that they might embarrass themselves by failing, or that the world doesn't quite need what they have to say, do, or offer.

One of the most important things I'm realizing right now as I write this is how much of this stems from all of the things that seemed so silly and foolish when I were younger. Everything great seems really naive, stupid and ignorant when it's still a fragile, vulnerable seed. You shouldn't shut people out or down when they start on these paths. Rather, you should help them refine their thoughts. You should ask probing questions that will clear their heads.

I was hoping that this vomit or post was going to be really simple and straightforward, really succinct and fast. But instead I meandered through the whole thing. That's okay. I'm getting it out. I have a lot more stuff to get out. And then I will sort it all. Then I will look at the streams, and I will tidy them up. And it will be useful to at least one other person out there. And it will remind me of my own journey, and it will give me a sense of how I'm going to move forward. We ARE going to innovate to zero. We ARE going to lift billions of people out of poverty. And I'm going to try and figure out how I can participate in that, get involved. And it'll be really fun, exciting and meaningful. And we can go out with a smile on our faces, that our LifeGames were well-played.

If none of that made sense, I’m going for the 2nd meaning of Fury you get if you Google “define fury”. That is, “extreme strength or violence in an action or a natural phenomenon”, as in "the fury of a gathering storm”.

According to Etymonline:

fury (n.) late 14c., "fierce passion," from Old French furie (14c.), from Latin furia "violent passion, rage, madness," related to furere "to rage, be mad." Romans used Furiæ to translate Greek Erinyes, the collective name for the avenging deities sent from Tartarus to punish criminals (in later accounts three in number and female). Hence, figuratively, "an angry woman" (late 14c.).

Yeah, punishing criminals with avenging deities is the vibe I’m going for.

Context 

Anyway, some context. Yesterday, I was taking a long walk with my wife to go and meet my parents. Along the way, I passed by the house that I grew up in- which we sold about two years ago because we couldn’t quite afford it anymore. The person who’s bought it since has renovated it, and while it looks a lot “cleaner” because of all the fresh paint, it also looks a lot less charming. A lot colder. And I felt a certain rage in me at the desolation of my childhood home.

Now, I immediately juxtapose these visceral, from-the-gut reactions with some calm thoughts. Nobody is entitled to anything. Earth will eventually crumble, as will the rest of the universe. A house is just a thing. There are billions of humans who’ve never had the chance to live in a nice house, and perhaps never will. So my rage isn’t grounded in any sort of ethical or moral calculus. It’s purely reactionary, purely relative. I once had something that I didn’t appreciate while I had it, and it bothered me to see it being “mistreated” in my eyes.

I have felt similarly on other occasions, when I feel like something was being “mismanaged” or “misunderstood”, but I didn’t have any power or authority to do anything about it. In moments like those I feel incredibly powerless, and for a moment I regret not living a life of jealous, catty rage- because I hadn’t prepared myself. It’s like being a calm, happy-go-lucky civilian town and seeing your family and friends get bullied by a neighbouring military town. You realise that the world isn’t all sunshine and rainbows, and that might makes right. You aren’t power-hungry, you don’t wish dominance over others. You just want to stop being pushed around. You just want to stop feeling powerless as you watch people with more power crash around clumsily and damage the things you care about, even if these things are completely arbitrary and will eventually be dust.

It fills me with Fury to think about how families ill-treat their children. It fills me with Fury to think about all the injustice in the world, even though I know that it’s unlikely that I’ll ever do anything significant about it on a global scale. It feels me with Fury when I witness people get bullied but I can’t really do very much about it. In those moments I wish I were stronger. I wish I had put in the effort that my ChillBro inner self didn’t bother with, because all will end anyway, no point worrying so much about anything.

Choosing To Be Stronger

I feel a shift in my fundamental perspective on that. I feel like I’ve been here before. I know that it won’t last, because it never lasts, so I’m writing this in an attempt to calcify it at least a little bit. This is a recurring pattern that has recurred enough that I ought to do something about it. I’m tired of being weak when it counts. I’m tired of being powerless when it counts. People don’t appreciate kindness and mercy unless you have the strength and/or power to enforce real, credible threats. Speak softly and carry a big stick- I’ve never bothered with the big stick. This has proven over and over again to be really inefficient. I feel the same way about quitting smoking.

A series of suboptimal outcomes makes you realise there must be a superior global outcome, or the effort required for the high road is almost definitely less bad. It’s when you spend so much time in Mixed Feelings Park that you realise finally that you might as well go through the Dark Woods and get to the Happy Playground. (If none of that made sense, read How To Beat Procrastination by Wait But Why.

Eventually you realise that working out and staying fit is cheaper and happier than being an unfit slob. Doing your homework is cheaper and easier than panicking every day. Not smoking is happier and healthier than smoking. The problem with all of those things isn’t that the better path isn’t obviously better, but that the short term things seem to be too costly in the short run and don’t seem to have much clear payoff in the long run. The main problem for me when it comes to procrastination, etc might be a lack of faith. I don’t trust myself. I can’t trust myself. The data has shown that I am an untrustworthy person. Any big plans will definitely fail. So I might as well just do whatever will straightforwardly give me immediate pleasure, like cigarettes.

But I’ve done that a couple of times now. I’ve repeated that cycle a couple of times now, and each time I do it I end up pretty miserable and upset. I convince myself that misery is normal in life, and that I’m always going to be anxious and scared and unable to trust myself and dependent on stupid shitty things like cigarette and internet addiction but this really isn’t the case! Or rather, it’s so bad that it’s worth fighting against even if you don’t know whether or not you’ll make it out the other end. I’m tired of living with all these chains. But I also recognise that thrashing against the chains is useless, you have to use the Fury and direct it at a very specific link of a very specific chain and cut that. And that gives you more freedom. You have to be specific. You have to be precise. You have to be directed. I am not very good at any of those things. I am not very good at managing my own time. I’m not very good at breaking down big things into littler things. But I will have to do this now.

I’ve come to realise that cigarettes suck. They give you a very short term sense of control over your own emotional state, your own brain state. You get to excite yourself or calm yourself down in a couple of minutes, it’s very short simple and easy to complete. But ultimately the habit controls you. The highs get less high. I can see how I might fall back into smoking though. I would fall back into smoking if I lost sight of my grander vision, if I decided that fuck it, even though cigarettes suck, they’re familiar and reliable. It’s all a reliability game. It boils down to how much you can trust yourself. And trusting yourself is something you develop

Wow, this entire landscape is a lot more complex than I was hoping it was going to be when I started writing this. But that’s clearly obvious on hindsight. If it were simple I’d already have solved it a long time ago, as would billions of other people. This is a hard, challenging problem with dangerous loops and traps and illusions for you to get suckered by. Basically I need to

- keep myself motivated by reminding myself of what I’m fighting for, what I’m fighting against, who I want to be, who I don’t want to be.
- I then need to take lots of really simple, short actions that are quick and easy to do, to prove to myself that I can actually be a trustworthy person- I just have bad history but I deserve a second chance, and I need to start with the really simple things.

This word vomit is one such thing today. After this I’m going to clear out my one-tab. Then I’m going to refocus and maybe do another vomit. This Fury cannot subside too soon, not until I have done at least some of the things I know that I must do but I have lacked the energy to do for so long. Not now. Not anymore. It’s been enough.

When I was a teenager, I'd play bass in bands, sing horribly and toy with the idea of being a songwriter. This is a letter I wish somebody had written to me when I was 17.
Strive to be prolific.
Notice I didn't say 'aim to be great,' or 'just have fun'. Both of those are stupid directives, because they'reoverly vague. And trust me, the two most frustrating things you can get caught up in are "Will I be great? Am I good enough?" and "Am I having fun?"You have a far greater shot at tasting greatnessandfun if you simplywrite as much as you possibly can, and then some.

You might think that you ought to try to write the best song that you possibly can, but you'd be wrong. That's actually a trap that you should try your hardestto avoid, especially when you're just starting out.

Why? Because your concept of 'best' is a work-in-progress and a moving target. Why spend a year working on writing the best song you can, when you could instead spend a year improving your idea of what makes a song great?

You don't actually know what makes a good song, you don't actually know what matters to you, you don't actually know what you ought to be writing about. (Some veterans will tell you that they don't know either, but at least they know that they don't know, and songwriting is their way of figuring that stuff out.)

So don't worry about any of that.
Write the worst song you can.
Just write a song. Make it as stupid and silly as you can. Finish it. Allow it to be a little strange, weird and rough around the edges. In fact, go especially out of your way to try and write the worst song ever. Then try and top that with something even worse, if possible.It's hard to find good ideas when you're looking for good ideas, but you can sometimes find them just next door when you're looking for bad ideas.

When you've written a hundred songs, you'll look back and realize that you've learnt things that you couldn't possibly have anticipated when you were starting out. I haven't written a hundred songs, but this is my experience with writing blogposts, and I imagine songs are no different. Quantity has a quality all of its own.
Avoid trying to be original; learn other people's songs instead.
Trying to be original is exhausting, and it is impossible. Give up the pursuit altogether. There's no such thing as original, everything is derivative. Everything is a remix. The artists who are held up as 'original' are simply much better at remixing than everybody else. They make familiar remixes with elements people don't quite expect, or they make unfamiliar mixes with familiar elements.

All great artists start out producing derivative work. There's no other way to learn! You learnedwalking and talking through imitation, and you'll learn to write by doing the same. 'Originality' or 'personal style' are things that emerge not from you trying to be creative or original, but from you trying to make things as well as you possibly can.
"At an art school where I once studied, the students wanted most of all to develop a personal style. But if you just try to make good things, you'll inevitably do it in a distinctive way, just as each person walks in a distinctive way. Michelangelo was not trying to paint like Michelangelo. He was just trying to paint well; he couldn't help painting like Michelangelo." - Paul Graham, Taste for Makers
The Beatles and Bob Dylan and many, many others all started out by imitating the work of others. Even Mozart, I believe. You're no better than them, and you're no different, either. So just make stuff. Make and make and make and make.
Smartness is overrated, think less and write more.
When I look back on my life and my work, I find that I greatly overvalued 'smartness'. On hindsight, I would happily trade quite a chunk of 'intelligence' for 'more data points'. Both Bill Gates and Steve Jobs have interesting things to say about this. Let me quickly paraphrase both of them:

Gates: Intelligence is the ability to enter a new field and to ask thoughtful questions- Well, what about this? What about that? What if we reversed it? To get good at this, you just need to turn things around and over in your head as much as you can. Take things apart, put them back together. Over time you'll notice that things aren't as opaque as they seem. Really, everything is made up of other things, and it's not too difficult to start seeing patterns in the way they work.

Jobs: Creativity is just connecting things, and to connect things you need two things- a bunch of dots to connect, and the habit of attempting connections. You won't get them right all the time right from the beginning. Nobody does, and there's reason to believe that you'll never quite improve your batting average. You can only just step up to the plate more often. So collect as many dots as you can, and mess around with connections as much as you can. Tinker. Make a mess. Clean it up and start over.
Play scales. It's like walking through the 'underlying fundamental code' of music itself.

I never bothered with these early on. They both bored and intimidated me.Why would anybody learn to play scales, when they're both boring and difficult? The guy in the video above gives a GREAT explanation that I wish I had when I was a kid. (YouTube is such an INCREDIBLE resource.) I finally picked them up out of boredom and curiosity when I had a guitar and a lot of free time during my mandatory military conscription. I practiced the major and minor scales up and down the fretboard. I did it because I was curious about the differences between the major and minor scales, and I vaguely sort-of wanted to explore the differences.
Awaken to the world you already inhibit.
I didn't know what to expect, but here's what happened. I developed a bit of a sense of it, and it felt like a whole new world in the space I already inhabited. Each note has a certain flavor, and the different notes have different relationships with each other, just as words do. After a while you develop a certain "rhythm" or "prosody" for notes. It gives you the vocabulary and ability you sort of need to better process what you hear.

Playing scales trains and improves your ear, and I personally found them very transformative as a musician. This is coming from a person who absolutely hated music theory when I first encountered it, and hates practicing. It also gave me a sense of possibility– I started to understand how professional musicians are just more in tune with their ears and their instruments than I am, rather than mystical alien creatures.

Deliberate practice is the smart, lazy thing to do. It requires the least effort for the greatest output in the long run. It's the fastest way to get better. It just requires you to pay careful attention, and to focus on your weaknesses. That can be a little counter-intuitive, but it's so incredibly powerful I wish somebody taught it to me when I was younger.
Play slow. Don't rush the music, immerse yourself in it.
Man, it took me years to do this. When I was starting out, I was so edgy, anxious and excitable that I tried to go as loud and as fast as I could with everything I played. That was the only way I knew how to be intense. But that gets old and tiring really, really fast. It wears you down.

The joy of music is in timing, in placement, in tastefulness. You needto be relaxed and learn to feel the groove, feel the beat. Lots of practice will help with this. And lots of listening. Listen to yourself when you play. Listen to the rest of the band that you're playing it. Music isn't about proving yourself, it isn't about showing off, it's about appreciation. Kind of like sex.
Consume content extensively and thoughtfully.
This goes back to connecting the dots. Watch lots of movies. Read lots of books. And this is maybe the most important part- write down your thoughts about them. Try to capture them in song, if you like.

Have some records of what you thought about things at a certain time in your life. The main reason for this is so that you can look back at them years later and see how much you've grown and changed as a person. I think that's very fundamental to appreciating life, and music, and expression of any kind. A blog is a great way to do this. Notebooks and recordings are fine, if you're shy. (Nothing beats publishing stuff in the public domain, though, because you get real feedback from real people.)

I especially recommend reading biographies, and reading about how your favorite artists talk about their creative processes, butalways make sure you spend more time creating than reading about creating.
If all else fails, remember this: Always Be Creating (...or listening).
If you're not creating, you're decaying, you're dying, and you're going to start feeling sorry for yourself. You're going to start being miserable, you're going to start getting into boring conversations and arguments with other people who're procrastinating and distracting themselves from their work.

If you feel like you have nothing to say, then take a long walk. Listen to some strange and unfamiliar music. Or listen to some really familiar music from your childhood. Think of it as a pilgrimage, or a declutter, whatever you like. Your cup is empty, so go fill it.
A quick recap/rewrite of this post:

Aim to be prolific, rather than "to be great" or "to have fun".We can have much more interesting conversations once you have a body of work.
Screw 'best'. Avoid trying to write the best possible song. Your definition of 'best' will be a moving target.
Write badly. Deliberately try to write bad songs, rough songs, strange and awkward songs. They'll teach you more than you'll learn from writing what you think is "okay".
Screw originality. Forsake the quest for originality, it's a mirage. Learn other people's songs as much as you can. Learn songs from genres you don't really care for.
Think less, write more.Don't try to be smarter by thinking harder. Be smarter by processing more, recursively. Write new songs. Learn songs you didn't know. Learn new chord progressions. Take long walks through unfamiliar territories.
Play scales.It's like learning to play with the underlying code of music itself. It'll improve your appreciation of music that you listen to, and it'll improve your ability to navigate the music you play.
Play slow.Don't rush after music. Immerse yourself in it. Imagine really bad sex, and then imagine really good sex. What's the difference? Good music is like good sex.
Always Be Creating (Or Listening).If you're not doing one of the two, you're probably procrastinating. Ask yourself which of the two states you're closer to, and dive into that.

I was crushed when I first heard about the existence of Before Sunrise, the movie. It was what I thought nobody had done properly before. I had always had long, meandering conversations with my closest friends and they were my favorite things about life. And I always thought that if I ever made a movie, it would be about long conversations. [1] It seemed like something nobody had done before, at least to my ignorant non-movie-watching self.

And then I discovered that there was this guy Richard Linklater, and that he basically made the perfect movie that I always fantasized about making. And then he did it again, 9 years later, and 9 years again after that, and he did AGAIN with the same kid over a decade, year after year after year. What a cinematic treat. What a work of art. This is one for the ages, one that I think is worth watching and rewatching and rewatching over and over again. This is one that's condensed with so much experience and so much insight and perspective, it's like reading 20-30 good books all together.
Spoilers ahead, read this after watching.
I enjoyed the darkroom chat that Mason had with his photography teacher. (That's the first thing that comes to my mind when I look back on the film. The second would be the supervisor he had at work.) You never see the guy ever again after that, but he's such a full character. You don't know very much about the rest of his life, but you know he cares. And you know that one of the most beautiful things about life is encountering strangers who give a damn, beyond what they're obligated to. [2]

I like how Linklater included many such moments. All the different people in Mason's life trying to tell him how it is, how things are, what you ought to worry about, what you ought to look out for, what you ought to do, etc. And how there are so many different perspectives and you can't quite make all of them completely synchronous, but that's okay. That's just the way it is.

I enjoyed (uncomfortably) all the conflict, the breakdowns, the breakups. I feel like we never address those things enough in daily life. We pretend that families are somehow perfect and pretty when they're not. They're messy, ugly and things can go horribly wrong. People who are supposed to take care of you can be abusive and damaging. I like that Mason's mum got all messed up and had to yell at her kids a couple of times.

I liked that there were people in the background, like that guy talking to himself about celestial bodies and 14,000 years, and that there were adults in the kitchen talking about housing and tax and the like, and bills.

I love all the little characters. I love that the septic pipe kid went on to get educated and do well in life, it's a reminder that little things can go a long, long way. And make all the difference to somebody. I love that Ethan Hawke's character grew up, matured and became a responsible good guy- while the psychology professor degenerated into an openly drinking waste of space. I wonder what happened to his kids.

I liked that sometimes I found Mason childish and annoying, like when he was upset about the car, and I liked that he interacted with other flawed, broken people. I cringed when the boys in the abandoned house were being blatantly sexist and spouting patriarchal bullshit. I liked that Mason was relatively decent to the girls in his life despite it. I like that all the characters were so beautiful and broken and human all at once. In this regard, it reminds of reading Balzac's Lost Illusions, which is my favorite book so far. Even the good guys seem like the overdo things, everybody has their little odd quirks, you root for everyone and you find them annoying at some point... just like real life. It takes a lot of skill to capture all of this, and I admire Linklater a lot for that.

What a gift to give to the world. I think I'll be making it a point to watch this movie again every other year or so. I've been doing that with Before Sunrise and it's been enriching for me. [3]

Final note- anybody who enjoys Boyhood will almost definitely enjoy the Before Sunrise trilogy as well as the The Fosters, th

[1] I've always been curious about at least three things- people's sex lives, what they do when they're alone, and what people's extended conversations are like. And I don't mean that in like a creepy pervert way, I think creepy perverts ruin curiosity for the rest of us by taking it to a really unhealthy, damaging extreme. What do Aragorn and Gandalf chat about when they're taking a long horseride together?

[2] Jane Jacobs talked about this in The Death And Life Of Great American Cities. Public figures are very important in the education of a child, or of anybody, really. You know your parents care because they're your parents, and your teachers care because it's their job to, but it's the caring from that people who don't need to bother that really sticks with you for the rest of your life.

[3] I realize that I need/want/ought to watch stuff regularly, rather than partition it off to some distant future. I can't do "bulk batches of work" without breaks to drink up all this art. My brain needs watering with stories and perspectives on a nearly daily basis, and I think I get rather messed up and dry when I've been deprived of it for some time. I think I should be reading and writing and consuming quality content like this on a very regular basis. I think that will make me a healthier, happier person and that will help me create better, do better, and just get more out of life.
So all of life is getting from A to B, using X.

I can talk for hours about my B. A better world, truth, beauty, elegance, excellence. I can talk quite a bit about my X, too. I have all these skills and perspectives and insights and connections. What I rarely talk about is A: who and where I am at a given instance.
I'm done talking about B and X. Let's talk about A.
My first bad decision of the day: I typically wake up at about 10am. Sometimes I wake up earlier. I recognise that I would like to consistently wake up early. When I wake up, the first thing I usually do is grab my phone. I fill my starving brain with useless random information. What I really ought to do instead I'd prepare for the day. (The day after writing this I woke up and went straight to the shower. I'm now on the way to work and relatively early and fresh. This feels great.)

I don't have a breakfast routine: Because I wake up at that time I rarely have breakfast. Lunch is usually the first meal of my day. Knowing my body, I should probably have a meal earlier in the day. I should have more than two meals a day, which is the current dominant configuration. (Didn't have breakfast, but had a glass of water and a fish oil tablet. Lol).

I don't read quality stuff regularly anymore (internet snacking has taken its place) I seldom if ever read books anymore. I should make them a part of my morning routine before leaving home. Or maybe I should read in spaces at work.

Writing on the commutes: There was a period of time where I'd write religiously during my commutes to and from work. This hasn't happened in a while. I spend time on Facebook and/or Twitter instead. I'm not sure why I stopped writing... it got a little harder, I started running out of things to say. I had already spoken at length about B and X. I needed to do something about A.

I need to extricate myself from social media. Social media is a huge time sink for me. According to RescueTime I spend about 4 hours on it. I need to make that time go down. I need to spend more time writing for work, more time reading and writing for pleasure. Those were things that I said I ought to have done when I'm school. I should do those things now. I should maybe deactivate Facebook altogether. For the time being I'm logging out and making sure I'm as logged out as possible.

No system of "first things first". Start with social media. (Bad.) I don't have an order or system or process in place for figuring out what's the next task I ought to be doing at any given time. When things get a bit tough or messy I tend to swap over to Facebook, which is essentially a social video game for me. In the absence of Facebook I tend to go to Twitter, where at least I can have some "work conversations". But even then that is a copout.

Do work over tidying workspace. I tend to spend a lot of time tidying up work spaces instead of actually doing work. I wrote about this with a positive slant on Quora, and it actually got me featured on TIME- but that's an overly rosy picture. I don't just do it when I'm bored. I do it when I'm trying to avoid work.

Monotask not multitask. Basically, work doesn't get done when I'm distracted or multitasking. And I use that to justify my general inefficiency. I didn't do well because I didn't study. I didn't work well because I was paying attention to too many things all at once.

As few tabs as possible. So I need to make sure that I never have more than a couple of tabs open. I need to monotask as much as possible. Maybe I should start with 1 tomato a day.

I need to change the way I 'take breaks'. I tend to 'take breaks' in the middle of writing to check on something else- Facebook, Twitter. I used to visit Quora quite regularly but it's gotten a little less interesting these days. I think I'm going to start spending more time on GrowthHackers and Inbound. But that's besides the point- the point is that I need to train myself to finish things in single sittings. Or I need to get up and walk around and get back into it.

Poor sleep hygiene. I tend to be on my laptop or phone until right before I go to bed. This strikes me as a bad habit and one that's technically easy to reform as long as I acknowledge it as suboptimal and decide that I want to be better. I should read a bit of any of my hundreds of books. I usually write my best stuff after some idea collision, so I should schedule that throughout the day.

I don't have a "okay, first things first". My usual habit is "first let's check social media". That's how I rack up the hours. That's a quarter of my waking life. I spend a quarter of my waking life on social media. I think that's definitely too much.

Reintroducing exercise into my life. I used to not exercise at all. Now I'm making it a point to ask myself on the way home from work "should I run?" And if the answer is yes, I put on my socks and shoes and get out of the house for a short jog and quick sprint. Then I drink a can of hundred plus. It's a short simple routine and it feels really good. It gives me a clearer head. It's an injection of pleasure and clarity. Deep breaths and oxygen to the brain and endorphins in the blood. A brighter, clearer world.

I typically get an iced tea at lunch and a latte at about 4pm. I need to drink more water.
Actionables, takeaways, starting points?

First step is to start and end my day better. I got out of bed without checking my phone, and I got myself a glass of water. I can surely do that again tomorrow.
I want to do a little bit of reading before I sleep, and start going off the grid. Like exercise I think this is actually non-negotiable.
Weekly date nights with the wife. Also non-negotiable. It's my responsibility to figure out how to time this so that it doesn't clash with my work. Relatively trivial to fix, significantly better life.

Work writing practices. I need to get substantial chunks of writing done at work. This requires partitioning my time better. It begins by partitioning my time at all. I guess before I do that I need a "first thing when I get to work" habit. I'm about to get to work. What's the first thing I should do? NOT check social media, ok. Check email? Check GH, Inbound?

My gut tells me I should start with a burst of writing. So I'm going to do that now. I'm walking towards work. I'll sit with my notebook, figure out how to pour out a couple of thousand words of writing/thinking and then think about what to do next from there, on the sofa (so I don't end up on social media or multi tasking).

Anytime you write your thoughts anywhere, you're forced to make your thoughts more precise. Technically my physical notebooks and my Evernote app (which I'm writing this post in) fulfill this purpose. The blog is just a publicly accessible, searchable context.
Publishing aids learning by stress-testing your thoughts in the seas of public scrutiny.
It's about exposing your thoughts to the real world, outside of the bubble of your head and your private spaces. This can seem a little bit scary, because you'll be subject to criticism and possibly abuse. But ships are not meant to stay safe in the harbour.

You don't know which of your thoughts are actually valid and useful until you send them out to sea. You don't know what you're mistaken about. Thoughts should be tested and verified in the public domain; that's how you improve as a thinker. (I could be wrong or inaccurate about that, but only by publishing will I be able to solicit corrections and improvements for that. That's how I learn, by borrowing the minds of others.)
If you publish, the world will tell you what it likes and what it doesn't.
This isn't a magical good by itself, but it's helpful information- especially if you're interested in making a name for yourself in the world, or you're interested in developing as an individual among others, etc. [1]
Important thing you should do early that I failed to do: be ruthlessly selective about your target audience.
I had illusions about being a public intellectual that wrote for everybody. So I would pander to public sentiment by writing angry or incendiary posts. It felt immense to get tens of thousands of hits, but it was ultimately a little hollow. I was trying to impress and please people that I didn't really care about. If I could go back in time- or what I ought to do now- is to sit down and really think about who you want to talk to. And focus entirely on them, at the expense of everybody else. Because why bother pleasing people you don't actually care about?
Ask yourself what your desired end-state is.
It can be hard to figure out what you should do with respect to where you are at a given point in time. You'll probably think "I want to do what I'm doing, but better." It's far more effective to think "Where do I want to go? Who do I want to be? What are the things I have to do along the way to get there?"

A blog is a conversation starter. Who do you want to have conversations with? [2]

When I started out, I simply took random walks in the spaces that I was interested in. I wrote 2000-3000 word ruminations about why I liked complex systems or why I resented large organizations. While I'm glad for having written them (I'm always glad for having written anything at all), I think a lot of it was non-directed energy just diffusing out. Which is suboptimal.

Now I realize that it makes much more sense to write with intent. To write wanting to make a case, to compel or inspire action of some sort. Or even just to make a quality list of items that helps people think. The point is, whatever you make, make it with purpose. Who do you want reading it? How do you want them to feel about it? What subsequent action do you want them to take having read it? In this regard a blog is a weapon.
Spend time thinking about your most fundamental ideas + principles and express them as succinctly as you can.
Sometimes you do need to take a random walk over the ideascape to see what you actually think. But once you figure out what the point is, what you actually want to say, extricate it from the wreckage and polish it up.
Write to solve your own problems.
I think this is the most Important thing of all. I think this is the central thing that I want to say above all else. If I took my own advice, and when I rewrite this post, this will be the single most important line. Hell, it will be the headline. How to write to solve your own problems. That's all I've ever been trying to do, in an elaborate, roundabout way. I have a very diffused, hyperactive and ill-disciplined mind, traversing ideaspace the way an active child might traverse physical space- spinning round and round until she gets dizzy, knocking into things, laughing and squealing, then suddenly getting exhausted and falling asleep. A blog is a record that allows you to observe your own mind.

I'm quite inspired by this post on Ribbonfarm on How To Fall Off The Wagon. All progress can generally be reduced to progress along one of those three fronts- goals, values and processes. So write down what your goals are. Write down what your values are. And most importantly (for me), write down your behaviors, processes, habits. Once you have all of that in writing, you can ask yourself how you ought to improve them, and what steps you need to take to improve those things.

For me, I know what I care about and I know what sort of person I want to be, and I know what I want to do with my life. To a relatively high degree, I think. What I don't have are habits, behaviors, routines, structures and processes that help me get there. So that's what I need to work on. And to improve those things you first need to list them down. And a blog is a good place to do this sort of distributed, outwards thinking.

[1] The only time this doesn't apply is if you're completely solipstic- if you're content with spouting pure gibberish for your own entertainment. Then you don't need a blog.

[2] One of the coolest things about blogging is that it will set you up to have awesome conversations with people from high places that you didn't even know existed- but that's more of a perk than a central motive.

This book has stuck in my mind for some reason even though I haven’t read it in years. I thought about how it was the story of a life. This little girl who had grown up and made something of herself. She had to relearn everything, learn a new language, cope with stress and difficulty. It wasn’t incredibly hostile if I remember, just sort of strange and tangential to all the serious, horrible tragedy that was happening in Nazi Germany itself. I find myself thinking about Jeannette Walls’ The Glass Castle, and about Tetsuko Kuroyanagi’s Totto-Chan, and how in both cases we see the world through the eyes of a child as an adult remembers it.

We all grow old if we’re lucky, we all die.

We have this limited LifeGame of 80 years (again, if we’re lucky. It might always end tomorrow). And we have to make the most of it. We don’t HAVE to, but it’s pretty clear that we OUGHT to. I can’t sleep properly at night knowing that I’m wasting my days. A well-spent day brings well-deserved sleep, and a well-lived life brings well-deserved death. (Death is but another adventure, something something said Dumbledore.) I don’t want to die as anxious as I’ve sometimes gone to bed. Though of course I suspect that when you ARE about to die, you won’t care anymore. It’ll be like booking into camp. [1]

One of the things about ADHD is that it means being very blind to time. Autistic people have trouble making sense of metaphors and sarcasm, they have trouble seeing people as people. (Something like that, I don’t know the details.) I read something similar about schizophrenic people having difficulty recognising themselves. They get into their bed, and they smell themselves, but they don’t realise that it’s their own smell. So they feel like there’s been a stranger in their bed, and it makes them anxious and paranoid. They can’t get comfortable with themselves. And they’ll probably need some sort of prosthetic/tool to figure that out.

So just like how some people with memory problems don’t recognise somebody they just met 30 minutes ago, I don’t notice the passage of time. I really don’t. I’m sorry. I REALLY DON’T. And I don’t realise that deadlines have consequences. I don’t feel anything. Other people have told me that they feel weird when deadlines approach and things are not done. Alarm bells go off in their heads. For me, it’s more like a really slight buzz in the faraway distance. I don’t notice things that aren’t right in front of my face. I don’t notice things that I’m not paying attention to. It’s very hard to interrupt me when I’m really caught up in something.

I’m terribly short-sighted when it comes to time. I just don’t perceive it the way everybody else does. This is why I can spend countless hours doing things that other people get tired of. And this is why I’m always late for things. It’s not that I’m a selfish person who doesn’t care. I can’t “not-care” about something that doesn’t even enter my radar in the first place. You wouldn’t called an amnesiac selfish for forgetting your name, would you?

Reality doesn't give a shit

But I understand that I live in a world where people take these things personally. And this means that I’ll sometimes not be able to build relationships with some people, because some people need others to be around them, to keep them in their thoughts, to do nice things for them, etc. I sometimes think that I’d like to do things like that, but I can’t keep things in my thoughts. My thoughts go wherever the hell they like. There’s a part of the brain that most people have that regulates these things, and mine is underdeveloped. ADHD is an inability to internally self-regulate. That’s why I think cigarettes were so awesome for me. They felt like some sort of stable pattern/structure/routine that I could contextualise things around.

In a broader, longer-term sense, it’s helpful for me to read these memoirs. I think I need to read more memoirs to get more context. I need to find more minds like my own. David Ogilvy was one. I need to read Voltaire, I need to read Benjamin Franklin, I need to read Ford. I need to go straight to the source and drink it up. This isn’t about impressing people. This is about survival. This is about strengthening myself so that I can help my Wolves. I used to approach this as a sort of indulgent exercise, or as a sort of… chore. I needed to read all these great things to be impressive. But I don’t even want to be impressive anymore. I just want to cope. I just want to do what is best for my Wolves while I have them. That’s all. The opinions of others, while interesting and amusing, are a lower priority.

I can’t put off my daily writing. I can’t write after some period of time, because what happens is that I just don’t write, and then I get anxious and cranky and it sucks for me, it sucks for my Wolves and it sucks for everybody around me. So I can’t do that. I need strong, daily structures that keep me running. I need to exercise every single day. Like, not for fun or pleasure or because I want to be fit and muscular and sexy or anything like that. I need to exercise so that I can hold on to my Wolves. I need to do it for them.

This is an ADHD mind, motherfuckers. I grew up in a world that told me it wasn’t good enough. I’m going to show you what it can do. I’m going to show you what my Wolves can do. They’re far greater than anything that I’ve seen out there, really. Maybe I’m wrong about that. But I’m going to find out.

[1] When I used to be in NS, I used to agonise about how I was wasting my time on the weekends before I had to book into camp. I didn’t do enough, read enough, write enough, play enough, hang out with friends enough. Yet when I booked into camp, once I was on the bus towards the ferry, a strange calm would come over me. I’d done all that I could’ve done, nothing else could be done, I’d just relax and move on. I feel like death will probably be just like that. What an amazing privilege.

I haven't done a proper word vomit in over a month. The last thing I published appears to have been a repeat of something else, and I wrote that I had written it in January. Similarly I have been publishing old material that I had written prior. The actual act of sitting down and writing hasn't been a part of my life for about a month, perhaps longer. And I can feel the effects on my brain. I can describe them but I know that I'm different when I'm writing and when I'm not.

Why did I stop? Well causality is never straightforward or 1-1. There are a bunch of reasons that all came together.

One was that I started feeling like I didn't have anything new to report, and that I was merely repeating myself over and over again. I had reached a metaphorical end of the Timeline, where I was just refreshing and refreshing hoping for new notifications. But there are none, and you gotta move on.
Another is that I've been busy with work. I've been spending more tine on social media, which was interesting- but I'm going to cut back on that again.
I've been watching a lot of The West Wing- I'm in the middle of season 4 now, and it's a great show. [1]

Moving on. I've been wanting to meet more smart/thoughtful people for coffee- I've always made vague plans with people that materialize maybe 5% of the time, maybe less. After meeting a few people here and there though, I realize that I'm just a happier, lighter person when I've been meeting others. They give me a broader context, which helps me look at my own life from a better angle. I make better decisions. I'm reminded that I'm not in this world alone, that I can build relationships with others and what I accomplish can have a positive (or negative) effect on others. It's like playing an RPG and encountering othef player characters. It just gets a whole lot more interesting across a different dimension from regular single-player gameplay.

Moving on. When I stopped writing I felt like I had exhausted most if not all of my options, like I needed to surface for air, see look up from the canvass. I feel like there's an optimal tempo- breathe in, breathe out, wax on, wax off. I felt out of breath. Now I feel like I might have hyperventilated a little. Have you ever seen the chart of Flow? I guess the ideal tempo would fit there.

Another thing I've realized. Writing is therapeutic for me by itself. I sleep better when I've written. Posts I've written in the past have often been useful for me much later on. Yet I sometimes fall into the trap of thinking of writing as a sort of chore, an obligation. It absolutely doesn't have to be. It's an investment, yes, but it's also a privilege.

I want to write a million words because I think it's a cool thing to do. I think it'll have benefits I can't even anticipate yet. But I also need to look at it as a sort of meditative process, of rumination and renewal. I feel good when I write, I feel like a better person. I feel like my thoughts are more organized.

So what's on my mind? What do I have to talk about?

* I want to write about remedial training and how interesting that experience has been.
* I want to tidy up my recommendations Page to make it more useful for visitors.
* I want to aggregate my ADHD posts, so that they might be helpful to people who relate.
* I want to write a post about the futility of writing that isn't surprising, challenging, interesting, exciting.
* I want to write about what I've learnt as a marketer. I think it'll help me clear up my thoughts about why I do what I do, what I ought to be doing, and how to best do that.
* I want to write a post about all my heroes and my interpretations of their work.
* I want to write about the importance of art that provokes and inspires. The West Wing is the top thing on my mind right now that fits the bill.
* I want to write about what I've learnt about married and adult life. Maybe those should be two separate posts.
* I want to write about my favourite TEDtalks. Because why not? Might be useful to people, and might reveal things to me.
* I want to write about my approach to writing and creating content. Why is ecommerce worth caring about? Why is referral marketing worth caring about? Marketing itself? I should have good answers to all of these questions.
* I want to write about social media as a utility, and how my approach to navigating it has changed over the years. Also, different responses from different audiences in different areas.
* Aggregate the best of Reddit, HN, Quora? At least the stuff that's interesting to me, so it might be useful to others like me.

All of the above are things that I should only bother with when I have some free time. I should carve out some time every day to think about these things and make a little bit of progress each day. That is all. They shouldn't exist as fantasies, as an escape from the present. They should exist to influence and change my behaviour. Behavioural modification or GTFO.

[1] I think it's good to make time for art that challenges and provokes you, that presents you with perspectives that expand your mind. I feel like WW is doing that for me. Martin Sheen described it as Shakespeare (all we had was the text and each other, something like that) and it certainly feels like it. I want my information diet to be enriching, at least. I spend too much time on Facebook, Tumblr and Reddit still, but I also can't help but feel that I'm learning certain things. This might be rationalization but I helped a designer and a photographer- two separate, talented individuals get more exposure for their work and that felt really good.
You are born- which is itself something spectacularly improbable- you live, and then you die. You're given the most precious of gifts, but there's no real rhyme or reason behind it. It's just something that happened. As far as we know, it's inevitable that life will eventually be extinguished. All the stars will eventually burn out. Everything that exists will come to an end. "You" and "me" are the briefest of illusions, a fun, odd little accident.

What is to be made of it? We've got tickets to this awesome show, which will eventually end.

I used to think it's possible to come to terms with death by thinking about continuity. Life is a cosmic dance that goes on without you, so do what you can to improve the dance- to prolong it, to strengthen it. Create art that transcends you. Build mutually beneficial relationships that write in the cosmos "we were here; we lived and it was beautiful and glorious." Live on in each other. But even that will eventually crumble to the inexorable forces of entropy. So living for others, living for the future, those things are a little incomplete.

So I think continuity can't be the only end goal. What matters is that you have a really good time that you are personally proud of. [1] That's really the only thing that matters.

What is a life well-lived?

Many of the most illustrious of our predecessors have come to a range of conclusions about that, and their perspectives can be helpful and enriching... but never sufficient. You need to identify what you want to do. What makes you happy. I can only speak for myself.

As a writer I write to fill a void. It's no different from eating, masturbating, meditating or shooting heroin. Everything is done in the pursuit of pleasure, of relief. This is what it is. Nothing more, nothing less.

One thing I do know- I love writing and having written more than I love not-writing and not-having-written. A day spent writing is, to me, a good day. This compounds, so a week/month/year/life spent writing is superior (for me!) to a life spent not-writing.

Is writing the only thing I want to do? Of course not. Is it the main thing I want to do? For now, yes- but I might change my mind in the future. There may be other things I find more pleasurable, that give me more joy.

The 'Lofty Ideals' Identity Performance Trap

What might those things be? How do I find out what they are? I was about to say "so I can suck the marrow out of life", but I think that's a little problematic. It's very easy to fall into the trap of wanting to represent lofty ideals so you can communicate that to others. It's a kind of projection, a performative construct that can be rather costly to maintain. I think I spent much of my teenage years focused on my performance. That's where you get things like "I'm a happy-go-lucky guy" or "I'm smart but lazy" or "I didn't do well because I didn't study" or "I'm passionate about X."

These are stories we tell others about ourselves, and also stories we come to believe about ourselves. We then adjust our lives- imperceptibly- to fit these narratives. We get into arguments to maintain the constructs we so meticulously build to represent us. It's incredibly tiresome. This is why Paul Graham says to keep our identities small, why Buddha taught detachment. It allows us to serve "ourselves" rather than the second-order projected constructed that we don't actually enjoy.

I realize that it's very, very easy for me to get caught up in stuff that, in my opinion, doesn't matter very much. Halfway while writing this I was tempted to check Twitter, and I had to stop because I've exceeded my data this month. I very easily get caught up in Facebook discussions, which is why I've been experimenting with deactivating my account. I deactivated completely for a few months last year, started again, deactivated again.

For a short period of time after reactivating, it all looked really silly to me- the whole mass panopticon performance. Inevitably though I'd get drawn into participating again. I would feel a little hollow afterwards, the way you might feel after eating a really unhealthy, junky meal. I go to bed with an uneasy feeling- that I had wasted my time, that I was shortchanging myself. It's like going to a theme park and obsessively playing a little kiddy game until the park closes, and then realising that you missed the awesome ride you had actually intended to go on.

I am tired of that uneasy feeling. I have to stop playing kiddy games because it doesn't really nourish me.

The analogy can be extended quite a bit. Most of us aren't aware of the best rides, or we think ourselves somehow incapable or undeserving of them, or we think we wouldn't be able to stomach it, so we stick to the kiddy rides. To some people, a life of kiddy rides is a simple pleasure, a life well lived. I don't think that's the case for me.

Will think more about this later.

[1] This can justify some ugly things for people who aren't neurotypical- what if you get pleasure from harming and exploiting others? That wouldn't be very nice. I'm not sure how to grapple with that, and honestly I don't think that's a problem I'm interested in tackling. I'm unqualified to. If you get pleasure from harming and exploiting others, please seek help. Take time and energy to figure out why you do what you do, and think long and hard about it.
Today I did something for the first time. I woke up at 630am (alarm assisted). I laid in bed for for a while. Then I got up and got a glass of water, and brought my macbook to bed. I played some gentle acoustic music to wake my wife up. And then we made our bed and went for a run. We had breakfast at the coffeeshop. Then we came home. I showered, and now I'm on the way to work. I feel pretty good.

There are two things about this. First, I was hoping to do it ever since I got married. And second, I didn't think I was actually going to do it.

Why? How? I was never able to do this on my own before. I definitely made ambitious plans in the past, maybe even when I was still a student. But there was a recurring pattern: big plans, minimal action, regression to the path of least resistance.

There are two other things I've made progress on in similar respects.

It's been 9 weeks since I quit smoking.
Today was my 7th run in the past 2 weeks or so. (I started running after 7 weeks of nonsmoking.)

Here's my central challenge in my life right now: How do I recreate this across more habits?

The non-smoking I did together with my wife.

My first 5 runs I did myself, and my wife joined me for the last two. We are committing ourselves to doing morning runs for the next 6 days.

A cool thing that we do in my company- and I'm not sure how common this is elsewhere- is regular 1-1 meetings. The idea is to use this time to share observations and surface things as early as possible before they become problems- any misunderstandings, discomfort, etc. It's not exactly a performance review, though it could be used for that. It's essentially a block of time that's carved out to talk about what might otherwise not got talked about.

It's such a great idea. Maybe it's obvious to some people, but it isn't for me. One of my worst and most ingrained habits is to just "go with the flow, indefinitely." This is sometimes a good thing, but most of the time it means that I end up getting mired and stuck. I drive off the road and I just keep going without correcting the course. And it's exhausting and unproductive but I just keep doing it. Clearly, I'd be better off if I learned to correct the course along the way.

Course correction (of course- lol) requires

Having some sort of path or destination in mind. You can't correct a course if you haven't set it to begin with.
That you make a decent starting attempt (as opposed to putting it off for "later"). You can't correct a course if you're not ON the course.

In the elegant words of my boss- know what you want, then do what you need to do to get to what you want. It's that simple. Periodically re-evaluate what you want, but don't get stuck re-evaluating your wants to death- that's like going to a thousand restaurants without having a single bite to eat. Then you die hungry. But hey, at least you had a great fucking list of places to eat, mirite?

And then you hang out with other people who sit around making lists, and get really good at making really nice lists, and start having arguments with each other about the best sort of list, and what your list says about what kind of person you are, and then you start reading and writing blogposts about those lists, and you basically become a food-lister. When what you really want to be is a food-eater. I mean this is practically self-evident. Why would anybody choose fantasizing about a hypothetical non-existent future than actually living that future in the present?

It's difficult and painful at the start. Fantasy can be more interesting that the dull difficult bit of daily early life.
Fantasy is easy when you don't know what you want. You just pick things that are outside the realm of immediate possibility. Like going to Mars. And then you just enjoy your fantasy as an escape from present day.
Inertia? Just getting moving can be tough.
Who cares
I'm done listing reasons for why I'm not awesome

The point is that you have to pick something within the actual realm of possibility. Something that you can actually do within the next hour- like read a chapter of a book, for instance- and actually do it. And then now you have one thing that you have done and that you can be legit proud of.

One of the most amazing things that happened to me was when I started asking people in my life if they believed that I would do something. I asked a smoker buddy if he believed that I'll still be a non-smoker next month, and if he'd bet $50 on it. He said yes. I asked my wife if she believed that I'd go for a run when I got home from work. She said yes. These are things that mean a lot to me, because I've spent a lot of my life not being able to trust myself. I know that I'm full of shit, I know that I avoid tasks that I'm supposed to do, the nature of Visa's reality is that shit doesn't get done, shit goes missing, shit goes unfulfilled, and so I just live with that. Enough of that shit, it's really sad.

What do I want right now? I want to write down all my habits and processes and improve them one at a time. I'm done with cigarettes. I've started running. I've started doing weekly 1-1s with the wife. I ought to do daily 1-1s with myself. So while it's a bit silly to spend time writing about it, I committed myself to writing vomits everyday. This is my morning commute vomit. I'm at work. Now I'm going to do work. TTYL.

Motivation is an odd thing. What does it mean? Let's find out:
mid-14c., "something brought forward," from Old French motif "will, drive, motivation," noun use of adjective, literally "moving," from Medieval Latin motivus "moving, impelling," from Latin motus "a moving, motion," past participle of movere "to move" (see move (v.)). Meaning "that which inwardly moves a person to behave a certain way" is from early 15c.
Interesting how, prior to the 15th century, motivation probably just meant "the act of putting into motion". There probably wasn't the additional complexity of internal vs external. If it gets you moving, it's motivation. Extrinsic incentives count as motivation too.

Today I think we get the sense that motivation should be a little more noble, more "fundamental". It should come "from within". We might say "I bought a cute dress to motivate myself", but that itself seems to be the use of extrinsic incentives within a broader framework of internal motivation.

I think there are two different reasons for that- one is that people often find blatant, overt materialism to be in bad taste. A person has to be motivated by more than raw power. But even power is complex- power over self, power over circumstances... let's not get into that.

The more important personal reason is that pursuing the optimization of any single metric- money, for instance, or number of sexual partners- is very fragile. Just as it makes sense to diversify one's portfolio when investing one's assets, it makes sense to diversify one's motivations... If that's possible. Perhaps it's not.

But I don't even know what I'm motivated by- that changes every day. Sometimes I think I want this, sometimes I feel like I want that... it's always changing. What I know for sure is that I like exploring my curiosity, I like learning, I like helping people.

But I've also liked making fun of people, being rude and even cruel to others on occasion. Why? Because I could, because in that short-term moment it felt good to assert my dominance over others in one limited sphere or another.

So we really do have a which-wolf-you-feed scenario. How do we choose? Why am I trying to be a nicer, kinder person? It's rooted in self-interest, of course. But being cruel and selfish is also about self-interest. What's the difference?

I think it boils down to a difference of mental models. By model I mean your idea of how the world works. Narrative.

At some level, I choose to try to be kind because I want the approval of one group of people over another. I like kind people more than I like unkind people- though again it must be conceded that unkind people can be likeable too. They can be smart, witty, and actually, they can be kind 90% of the time. But that last 10% can somehow ruin everything else.

At another level, it's a story of self-interest. I've come to believe that kinder people are happier people, and I want to be happy. The assumptions underlying that is- I believe it's possible to become a happier person, I believe that I am worthy of happiness (as are you), and I believe that it's something I can work towards and strive for. I like who I am when I'm kind. I regret who I am when I am unkind. I would like to reprogram myself to be kinder. You could say that I'm motivated to be kind.

Going back to basics- motivation is about movement. Movement is about the destruction of balance. So motivation is about becoming unbalanced.

It's easy to see how that can be manipulated. How it IS manipulated. People convince other people that they're somehow imbalanced materially- inadequate, insufficient. That's what keeps us consuming, shopping, smoking, drinking. We're not enough. So we work to buy stuff we don't need to impress people we don't care about, etc.

One of the biggest oversimplifications- study hard, get qualifications, get a job, make lots of money, earn prestige, status and spending power, make your family proud. For some people this is an idea that motivates them- the idea seems exciting. For others, this is a painful slog, a death trap. They're just not interested in what they're studying. They don't buy into the bargain, it doesn't make sense to them. They aren't motivated by excitement or delight but by obligation, fear, shame. That's seems to me to be a horrible way to live. And yet it's really common.

I suppose once upon a time, and maybe today in some circumstances, survival is all that matters. If you are struggling on the streets, putting food in your mouth is a priority. Someone said something along the lines of- society is 6 meals away from chaos, violent revolution. If you don't know where your next six meals are coming from, you will be driven to actions that you didn't previously think possible. I'm reminded of stories of people looting the dead after tsunamis and disasters- they're just too desperate to rule out those options. That's motivation for you- hunger. Hunger is a motivator.

But what about for people who are reasonably comfortable?

If motivation is about movement and movement is about destruction of balance, again it boils down to your perception of balance. People who build/create great things feel that the world is somehow imbalanced- they live in the future that they envision, and they pull the present forward to meet that. They are resourceful and relentless. Are these traits inborn? Probably, to some extent. Are they influenced by upbringing? Probably, to some extent. It depends on the world you see around you. What are your parents like? What are your friends like? What is your information diet like? What do you consume?

Can we train ourselves to be Gates, Zuckerberg, Musk, etc? Well first of all its important to know that these people are outliers- genetically superior in some way we can't fully fathom or measure yet. They have better environments conducive to the work they do. They were surrounded with the right peers. They put in the work and they were in the right places at the right times.

How do we recreate that? Can I be like them? Can you? I think I'm reasonably capable. I think I'm incredibly privileged, compared to the billions who don't have access to the opportunities and circumstances that I do.

I don't know for sure, but I don't think either gates or Zuck set out to be gates or Zuck. If they knew then what they know now, they would've had even more linear trajectories than they already do. They didn't set out to build empires, they set out to work on interesting problems. I think same for Jobs.

Of all of these people I'm most aware of Elon Musk's path, and I think... I think he made it a point to keep moving himself to where the action was. That's why he left Africa for Canada, left Canada for the Valley, left school to build an Internet company, after that built a payments company. The willingness to uproot oneself from one's present- to sacrifice who you are for who you want to be, I think that's very difficult. I will have to study Gates and Zuck a little more closely. Also I think it's important to study the trajectories of equally qualified but less illustrious individuals- these are outliers.

If we eliminate all the crazy outliers, what's left, who's left that's worth emulating? Meeting my colleagues dramatically improved my quality of life and the way I think and perceive and do things.

What is the next step?

How can I create more value?

How quickly can I get better at my job and how do I identify the most optimal outcomes?

How can I best serve the world?

I should definitely identify the people who excite me the most and meet them.

I should identify the greatest opportunity in my job and execute heavily on that.

I need to focus harder/better and I need to learn to do that more effectively.

I spend way too much time dicking around. Why do I do that? Partially because I'm scared of working outside my comfort zone. I have to combat that with daily reminders and more structured habits, more rigorous measurement. Partially it's because I don't have a clear path in my head of how I'm going to create more value, exponentially. I have vague paths but I need to make them clearer and more deliberate.

What if I only have a couple of years left to live?

Then I need to do more word vomits, faster. I need to do them every morning and evening, and maybe extra ones on top of that. There's no additional calibration necessary for this one- I really want to hit a million words, it's a journey I want to undertake- I don't think many people have done it- so let's do it! I will open up new perspectives and opportunities at the end of it. Why am I taking so long? Because I can. Because I forget that my atoms are on loan and that I will cease to exist. Because it's easy to get comfy in the comfort zone.

Okay, so how do I get out of it? Why am I writing this now? I think it's at least partially a side effect of a few different things. (Confirmation bias warning.)

I slept earlier last night so I have some brain power right now to do this writing.
I've been watching motivational videos every day to battle against the general drudgery that the world feeds me.
I've been writing in my journal every night to do a quick, sketchy post-day review.
I would like to have spat out a vomit by the end of the day so I have something nice to write.

Each day is a mini life- born, live, die. A well lived life is hard to plan for. A well lived day is easier. I want well lived days. They become weeks, months, years, decades, a life.

I realize that having stuff on pen and paper somehow makes it more concrete for me. It worked for me during NS, and it's working for me now. Calendars online are somehow insufficient for me. Apps are somehow insufficient for me.If I made an app about productivity I think it would require me to take pictures of my notes rather than actually write stuff down in an app. Perhaps that's irrational, but that's how I roll and that's how I need to do things for the foreseeable future. Maybe I can reprogram myself eventually, but for now done is better than perfect.

The faster I finish these vomits the quicker I will be able to move on to the next stage of my life and I am ready for that. I'm tired of dicking around. Dicking around is the strategy of the lost, confused, uncertain, overwhelmed, afraid. I was and perhaps still am all of those things. But dicking around only makes it worse. Decisive action is a superior strategy. Even if you screw up, you can learn better and act better afterwards.

Why dick around? Fear. Tiredness. Uncertainty. Cynicism. Unenlightened boredom.

I think it's okay to dick around purposefully, or in spaces that are genuinely interesting- but for clarity's sake I would define that as tinkering and/or exploration. I define dicking around as purposeless bumbling. A random walk is healthy- you never know what you might see or learn. A daily habit of sitting online and reading the same things, doing the same things, etc... That's dicking around. You're not learning. Not growing. I think it's important to be idle from time to time, but it shouldn't be the dominant state, in my opinion. It doesn't even really make you happy. Why do things that don't make you happy? That don't excite you?

What are you grateful for? What are you excited about? What are the fun, happy surprises? What is meaningful to you? The world won't dump this stuff on you, you have to go get it.

Looking back, I feel like I never spent enough time trying.
On hindsight... the diagnosis makes perfect sense. I'm not sure if it's something I was born with, something I sort of grew into, or both. My parents allowed me a lot of freedom when I was a kid. I read a lot of books. I played video games, which I found very stimulating. I'd read entire school textbooks before the school year started, which made me quite the know-it-all (I'm sorry. I never actually had much of a 'social education').

So many tell-tale signs, on hindsight.

"Hyperfocus": Once I really get into something I can spend hours on it and lose all sense of time. By this I mean to say I outlast everyone else I know, when playing video games late into the night. I bet you that I could easily stay online and find things to do for a full 24 hours. But this predated the Internet for me. I used to read books until I fell asleep, and continue when I woke up. During these moments, I would not notice if anybody was calling my name. When I'm out with friends, I'd lose track of time and inevitably break the soft curfew my parents set for me.

Food: I used to eat really unhealthily. I'd eat my food with tonnes of ketchup, which I imagine is full of salt. I'd drink a 500ml bottle of Pepsi or Coke a day in school, then have a McDonald's meal afterwards. This went on for years, and I got skinny-fat with a big belly. It stopped once I was in secondary school- I'd start eating spaghetti or mee goreng. And sandwiches. And lots of cup noodles.

Candy: I was also a candy monster. I used to eat nerds, mentos, gobstoppers, hichew, fruit tips, fruitella, lakerol, all that sugary shit. And I'd finish it all in one sitting. (Never experienced any of the laxative effects that they warned about.)

Cigarettes: And then I picked up smoking. Cigarettes are the best thing for anybody who craves stimulation, if you don't mind the stench, cancer and death. I don't mean that sarcastically. If you're feeling chronically understimulated, a little stench and death can seem like a worthy tradeoff to light your brain up a little. It gives you a lot of control.

A cigarette is really a work of art, gamification wise. You can carry a pack of them in your pocket. Lighting one always feels good, now you have a little fire in your hands. You can control your puffs- how much you inhale, how you exhale. Make no mistake about it, smoking is a skill, and over a few years you get good at it. It's a nice skill to master, being able to manipulate your state like that. It can relax you or pump you up. It becomes a little game that keeps you alive as it kills you. What do you do? I smoke, that's what I do. It's like feeding fish or some other responsibility- there's a little circuit of neurons in my head that demand to be lit up by the nicotine, and I obey. It's a simpler master than most of life, and it's predictably rewarding. Only bitch thing is the ruining your health bit.

Social Media: Then came social media, which is more of the same. I was a heavy MySpace user because I was promoting my band (ah, the good old days). I very naturally became a Facebook power user. I got off on the Likes. Each Like was like a puff of a cigarette, a hit. It was an addiction, just like nicotine. Social validation is a hell of a drug. But you gotta remind yourself it's all an illusion. It's just cookie clicker. A number goes up and it tricks a part of your brain into feeling good, and you chase that.
Actually all of life is like that, just that the pursuit of some things are sustainable and others are not, some are socially acceptable (and these aren't necessarily what optimizes your utility/pleasure) and others are not.

I got pretty good at the Facebook thing. I would spend a lot more time on it than most people I know. I would be late for appointments with people because I was caught up in a Facebook argument at the computer (this was before I had a smartphone, so I wasn't able to write-on-the-go).

I stopped writing this post right around here, because I ran out of time or steam or something. But what I was trying to say is: I have an atypical brain, with regards to addiction and addictive substances. I don't think I'm necessarily in the 99th percentile of did quit smoking- but I'm definitely not-average. And that's an interesting thing for me to think about, and have to deal with.

I wrote this in May 2014, publishing now.

I'm sure I've written about this before, but each time I strip away some bullshit (hopefully) and get closer to what my actual utility-functions are. Meaning I want to do what makes me happy more than what I think makes me happy. I want to identify what things will reliably bring me joy. Writing is one of them so I should always be writing, be it for myself or for an audience.

But what else? What really matters, what is meaningful to me? Acknowledging, of course, that life is absurd and there's no ultimate point to anything. We're in a massive sandbox, and at the end of the universe everything will be wiped clean. So things like legacy and lasting impact, while nice to have, are manifestations of wishful thinking.

I need to clarify that statement.  I think I think of legacy as a sort of litmus test. Things that have lasting positive influence must have been meaningful in some arbitrary way, so building a quality legacy means that you must have accomplished something decent in your life, you must have had applied yourself in some way that most people don't...

More simply, some people have legacies and most don't really. I make the assumption that Steve Jobs led an existence that was in some way more interesting, challenging, exciting than most other people...

Ugh, I really don't know anymore. I'm definitely overcomplicating things. Let's go to first principles. There's only cause and effect. All I need to do is to identify a desired end state, then figure out what I need to do to reach it.

Ok. So list out a bunch of desired end states.

Once upon a time I wanted to be a computer game designer because I liked games. Would I like to be a part of, say, Mass Effect? Yeah I would. I'm not so interested in the technical bits anymore. I'm interested in narrative and story. I'd like to help write the story for a game that captures people's imagination and inspires them to do more. I suppose I could/should write reviews of my favorite games and stories and explain why I like them and what I think can be better. I don't need to do this from scratch, I can just popularize what good stuff already exists.

I'd like to help people doing amazing work. Elon Musk is doing amazing work. Simon Sinek. Seth Godin. I don't need to necessarily work for them, though it would be nice to help accelerate technology that advances the species. I suppose I could support them by just writing well about them, and persuade others to support them.

Clearly I'm going to be a writer for most if not all of my life unless I find something better. I'm a communicator, that is my sellable skillset.

I do like the work I'm doing for the time being. I love that I have the opportunity to develop myself and others. Work is the education I wish I had received in school.

I guess I just need to write good thoughtful commentary about all my opinions and just put them out there. It's not that complicated. I love writing. I want to write and think better. I have a bunch of things on my mind. I need to go through a sort of birthing stage where I just write and write and write.

I'm worried about writing rubbish. I'm more self-conscious of that now than before. Let's examine this. Why worried? I guess I have some sort of perfectionist streak. Maybe I'm worried that too much bullshit will clog my blog and make it unnavigable, unreadable. But I know that's not true. I can always just surface the good stuff. I'm worried about saying the same thing over and over again. But even Seth Godin does that. I'm worried about an audience when the real audience that matters is me.

Maybe that's it. I keep wanting to impress people even though intellectually I know that's silly. Or maybe I'm bothered that I'm not good enough, I have nothing particularly meaningful to say. But I know that's bullshit too- you have to go through the bad to get to the good. I'm just stuck because I allow myself to be. I'm used to being stuck. I haven't yet taught myself to get unstuck. I haven't yet learned to captain my own ship, so used I am to just lounging around.

Supposed Mark Twain quote (misattributed)- the trick to getting ahead is getting started, and the trick to getting started is breaking the complex down into small, simple things and starting with the smallest or simplest. I'm really bad at this. I procrastinate a lot because there are a lot of small and simple things I can start on that aren't what I actually want to do- also there's no failure to worry about in procrastination. It's relatively easier to tumblr and reblog things I like than it is to write commentary pieces that I wish existed.

I catch myself wondering what's the point, what does commentary ever do for the world? Who I am helping, what difference am I making, and I could be doing more through some alternate means? I do not know for sure. I do know that it's better to think about these things in the downtime you have after having attempted something rather than before you do anything at all.

I also worry about silly things like organization and distribution... things that matter, sure, but they're not the highesr priority. The highest priority is having a steady stream of output. If I have to spend a hundred blogposts out of 1000 writing this then so-fucking-be-it. That was another thing I was worried of. Does a 1000 vomit project count if 100 vomits are just you psyching yourself up? Well the answer is yes. If you feel bad,  do another 100 after. 10 of those are psyches? 10 more then. And another 10 just as a victory lap. So I'll do 1121 vomits if I have to. Whatever. The number is technically irrelevant, the ballpark is what matters. Way better than getting stuck at 130 and giving up, which I simply cannot live with.

So this is it. This is clearly the one thing that I love so much that I'll willingly fail at. I'm sure there are a few others but this is the one in my hands right now so I gotta take what I got.

I guess there's something else- when I started the vomits I was still kinda undecided about this, but I've since come to believe that it's incredibly important to be brief, and the more I write the better I get at doing it. For the time being I'm just going to keep trucking ahead.

Of course, before I can teach this to others I have to get better at this myself. I think I've gotten better over the past year. But that's not enough. I need to live and breathe with honesty. I need to be able to say "this is crap" and get rid of it, so I can get to the good stuff.

What have I learnt? I think the most important thing is that you have to make time for stuff that matters to you. When I was a teenager I could count on randomness and serendipity because I has fewer commitments. But now I have a job, I have a daily commute to work. I have less space for randomness. Randomness is insufficient at giving me what I want. I have to schedule. I have to set aside time purposefully- dates with the wife, coffee with old friends, time for reading, time for exercise. I mistakenly believed as a kid that life would turn out fine if I just followed my nose and did whatever I felt like doing at any given time. The problem is that starting on the good stuff is always tedious. I very, very rarely find myself in the gym on a whim. I have to commit to it in advance. Same for reading books, same for dates with the wife. So my central challenge seems to be to manage my time better. I've read a lot of literature about this in the past, so I'm familiar with the plethora of options that exist. What's hard is starting.

At 24 I feel like I can no longer use the "I'm young" excuse when facing reality. It worked at 17, maybe even at 21. But I have real obligations and responsibilities now, and a real opportunity to make a difference to others, to participate in things that I will have been proud of.

16th June: The privilege of being a working adult

I prefer working life to school. Tremendously so. If I could've started work at age 16 or younger, I think I would've. It is, for me, much more fulfilling. I feel so much more powerful and independent than I ever did before. I remember feeling so anxious and frustrated in school all the time. I felt squashed, restricted. I didn't get know then how exactly I was going to make a living, but I knew that I detested the institution that contained and regulated me.

I actually preferred National Service to Junior College. There was marginally less bullshit in that institution- or at least, people within and around the institution acknowledged that some amount of bullshit was a feature of the system. On the other hand, almost nobody acknowledged the bullshit that schools are submerged in. Schools are daycare + systems of of assessment. They exist to serve the broader systems rather than to serve individuals. Any learning or enrichment of the soul, anything beautiful and sacred about school is typically a happy accident. If you're lucky, these happy accidents may be encouraged- they were when I was at Victoria School. But the fundamental paper chase is exhausting and dehumanizing. Life itself is largely exhausting and dehumanizing. It's the tradeoff we make for safety.

22 June: My problems have not changed

I'm tired but not sleepy and it's one of the hottest nights in years. I've been summarising my word vomits and tidying up the bookkeeping mess- part of the reason I stopped was because I had repeated posts and messed up the numbers, and that was demoralizing for me. Filing systems are important, who knew? You were right, every-single-one-of-my-teachers. I apologize and hang my head in shame.

It's been interesting to revisit my writing and my thinking. What was messy, sketchy and unclear at the time has since become much tidier in my head. I find myself thinking "Oh come on, hurry up! You don't need to deliberate about that!" I was a much sketchier writer a year ago.

I'm very happy to have journeyed far enough to be able to look back and see where I was from another perspective. It's a wonderful privilege and I highly recommend it.

Something that's been on my mind a lot- Dan Gilbert's latest TED talk about how we systematically underestimate how much we will change between now and any given point in the future. The 'end of history' illusion- we're works in progress who think we're finished. And one of the best things about doing creative work (and leaving behind a trail) is that you get to witness that change yourself.

Is there anything I need to write about before my brain lets me go to bed? I guess I've been feeling guilty that my actions haven't measured up to my words. A part of me thinks that they never will, and that I should be okay with that. I like to use grand rhetoric and make great empty promises, and the flesh fails the spirit. I think though that I need to meet myself halfway with this. I have to lose the lofty speak and be honest about myself.

I've come to believe that the most important thing to do is to describe reality as accurately as possible, with the most precision you can muster. (And work into that model the assumption that you're probably wrong about a bunch of things to some degree, in a way that you do not realize.) I borrowed this lens from my boss, and I used it initially as a sort of auxillary lens. Over time I've found that it's been of great help to me, so it's quickly becoming my primary lens.

My problems have not changed. I have been talking about the need for focus and routine sincw 2009, perhaps earlier- maybe even 2007. These aren't new realisations. This has been a recurring problem. And the first thing about recurring problems is that they can't be solved simply, just by taking a single action at the surface level of the problem. Perhaps there may be a one-step solution, but it's buried at a deeper level. (Ie if you end up smoking because your friends smoke, you can't just say no once. You have to say no every single time. The one-step solution might be to leave the country permanently. That sort of thing. Simple doesn't mean easy or cheap.)

There's a long list of things I know that I should do... That I don't do. One of them is to write on my phone (or on pen/paper) instead of at the computer. The reasons are not clear, but empirically I just work better without an internet connection. That might be the single best thing I can do for myself. I don't know why I'm so stubborn. I just know that I am, and that's a non-negotiable reality of my existence. And every day I try to negotiate, pretend that it might be different this time. And every day is the same. It's boring. We need to plot a prison break from this monotone.

There are a couple of silver linings to me not having written for myself in months. The first is that I put some distance between myself and my writing. The second is that I was writing and continue to write a lot for work. Together, this gives me the distance I need to look at my old work dispassionately.

1: Unnecessary Apologies

The first thing that leapt out at me was how often I apologized for writing the way I wrote. I apologized for meandering, for being vague and imprecise. I kept saying "I'm sure this will make sense later," and while I think I was right about that, the constant self-consciousness annoys me now. All writing is an act of faith. All writing is necessarily vague, imprecise and incomplete to some degree. It may occasionally make sense to draw attention to that fact, if it serves the point you're making. (Analogy: think of a comedian being awkward and mumbling, in a way that's funny rather than cringeworthy.) But doing it over and over again isn't a stylistic choice, it's a tic that distracts from what matters. So I'm going to make an effort not to talk about it anymore. My work will always be incomplete, and there will always be room for improvement. I will welcome criticism without overly-preempting it. Done.

2: Connecting the dots backwards

I anticipated that this would be the case, but it's cool to actually do it. At vomit 100 (actually 101...) I decided to start doing summaries of earlier vomits so that I wouldn't have to face all 1000 at the end, all at once. This was an interesting and enriching experience, possibly more important than doing the vomits themselves. Rework is how you develop mastery, no?

I'm proud to report that it's real. When I look back on the last 130 vomits, I see rivers of thought, meandering, diverging, starting and stopping. While each piece of writing stands alone by itself, as a collection I can see connections. I get a clearer sense of the boundaries of what I care about. What seems almost random on a day-to-day basis reveals itself to be part of a larger tapestry. This gives me a lot of confidence that the journey is worth continuing, indefinitely.

What will I write about next?

So far I've written a lot about productivity, procrastination, gamification, identity creation, cigarettes, social media, akrasia, education. I've inadvertently captured a bit of the changes I've been going through- how my priorities have been changing, how I'm developing and growing.

I've gotten a sense of how the practice of daily, reflective writing can inform one's behavior. It can function as a commitment device of sorts. You write at your best, for yourself at your worst. If I remember correctly, David Ogilvy wrote in Confessions of an Advertising Man about how one of the great things about good advertising is that it sets up a strong promise to consumers that the client will then be obliged to keep. Similarly, there's something about writing that props me up. I'm trying to write myself a backbone. Time will tell if it works out. It's worth a shot, at least.

Lately I've found myself pressed for time. Now, it's not like I'm a super busy, important person with lots of commitments. I have relatively simple obligations. My problem is that I don't manage myself effectively. I don't monotask. I don't chunk up my time. I should be working in short intense bursts, but instead I lounge around until it's really late. I do ultimately get stuff done, which is a huge step forward from how I was as a student- irresponsible, evasive. But that alone isn't something I can run my life on. Nobody gives a shit about your personal progress, they only care about what you can do for them.

I need/want more time to spend with my wife, and on my personal projects- I want to read books, do book reviews, write more word vomits, meet interesting people, and all that fun stuff.

I'm so tired, and it's all my fault. I think that's what adult life is about, mostly. Managing your own energies.

#welcometothecircus

I always thought that I had reasonably made my peace with death. Our physical bodies die and decay, but we live on in the thoughts of others. We live on in what we leave behind- our art, our contributions, our legacy. That's the best shot at immortality we got. So a person ought to focus on legacy, I thought.

Then I learned about the heat death of the universe. Eventually all the stars will burn out, and everything will run out of energy- everything there is will be diffused into vast, lukewarm nothingness. I used to take comfort in the fact that things will go on after I'm gone, but now I realize that even that is temporary. There is no known way to undo entropy, and it seems highly improbable. So even a legacy isn't with as much as I had thought, from a cosmic perspective. We really are the briefest of accidents.

This troubled me for some time. Life is truly an absurd accident. We are all clowns amusing ourselves in the face of the abyss.

So I have found it necessary to shift my "center" away from thinking about legacy. The present moment is far more precious than I had previously acknowledged. A boring, unpleasant life in pursuit of some sort of lasting legacy now strikes me as wishful thinking. It's not very different from seeking solace in the hope of an afterlife. The slate will well and truly be wiped clean in the end, and none of us or our descendants will survive it.

What then? We have to extract as much as we can from the present moment. We have to well and truly suck the marrow out of life. We have to find ways to maximise pleasure, awe, joy and gratitude within the context of our finite lifespans.

This isn't an argument for short-term hedonism, for a life of reckless debauchery, parties and drugs. Those constitute what I'd call a local maxima- they're like fast food. They might feel good in the short run, but they don't fulfill. We're too smart for that, fortunately or unfortunately. To be human is to seek, to inquire, to learn and to transcend. To serve others in a way that both helps others and fulfills our own internal needs.

So a positive legacy is still a good thing, I think, but it really shouldn't be at the expense of joy. It's all ultimately a form of self-deception- we're still clowns in the cosmic circus even if we're being productive, generous, kind. Even if we're fighting for justice, fighting oppression, doing all of the things that need to be done to give our species the greatest collective shot at a brief, joyful existence.

Meditating on this makes me realize that we have no time for petty anger or frustration. We have no time to tolerate anything that isn't en route to joy. Sure, not everybody has that privilege. If you're faced with literal existential threats- you can't put food on the table, can't get a job, etc, then those are problems you will have to solve, or perhaps try to solve. I don't know. I cannot speak on behalf of people who are suffering, and it would be hubris to try. All I know is that you have to put your own mask on before you can help others.

That caveat aside... if you have access to books, to clean water, to a roof over your head- if you're a domesticated human, you owe it to yourself to exercise your agency over yourself- whatever tiny amount you have. You owe it to yourseld to number your days, because they truly are numbered. We should go to bed each night feeling like we had made good use of our time.

No time for toxic relationships.
No time for petty Internet arguments.
No time to be offended by the clowning of others- life is hard and absurd, and we should have zero expectations for any of it to make any sense at all.

It's amazing that things function as smoothly as they do. Make time for friends and family while they're still around, but not so much that you forget to serve your own interests and curiosity.

Something I'm trying to convince myself about: it makes zero sense to mock others for their decisions or choices. I do it because of lizard-brain impulses. It's animalistic, and the animalistic pleasures tend to be short-lived (and often broken or untenable in modern digital life. They were optimized for a simpler, duller time.) People can clown around, and they will. Making a big righteous deal about it is just another form of clowning. Which is fine if you enjoy it, but it's not all that interesting as a pursuit.

It's like sports. I often feel like most professional sports are a waste of time, a sideshow. Yes, it could be your passion to kick a ball into a net or drive in circles really fast. I can respect passion, drive, focus, discipline, teamwork and all that good stuff, even if the pursuit feels a little trivial (in comparison to solving water, disease, advancing technology, space travel, etc.)

But I'm a hypocrite who doesn't live up to my own standards, because I participate in silly, pointless sports of my own. Arguing with people on the interner is my equivalent of driving in circles. Yes, it's possible to get really good at it, but you're just going nowhere really fast.
It's not like I don't care about those things, but I have new concerns and priorities that matter more. I think it was rational to be interested in those things when I wasn't yet a part of any sort of team or framework. It made sense to try to make sense of big, sexy ideas. They seemed interesting, challenging, exciting.

Now I have much more simple or trivial concerns, because I have a job and it makes more sense to focus on getting better at my job than it does trying to make sense of, say, the global economy. Getting better at my job opens up more immediate opportunities for me to grow and challenge myself, in ways that have a real and immediate impact on the world- even if small.

TEACH PEOPLE TO FISH: I've come to believe that one of the most compassionate things you can do for a person is to make them employable and to get them employed. Rather than give charity, which always feels a little awkward to me, you help people be self-sufficient and create real value/wealth in the world. I've gotten two of my friends internships at my company, hired another, and I helped set up another friend with a job that was pretty much made perfectly for him- he just didn't know or realise it at the time. That feels really good, because now he has a job he likes, that he learns a lot from, and the world is richer for it. I'd like to do this at a much greater scale over time. And again that depends on me getting better and better at my own job, and any better jobs I might grow into.

Or perhaps I may one day start something of my own and create value for others directly. That's really a damn beautiful thing, and it's something that was never quite communicated to me in an eloquent way. David Ogilvy described it when talking about how his employees reminded him of baby birds hungrily waiting for food from the parent. In a way that is the relationship I have with my boss. He pays me, he trusts me, he coaches me. I want to one day do that for others, too. I have the opportunity to do that with my colleagues, which is an honour and a privilege. But more importantly I have to focus on doing the best possible work I can do. That is the best gift I can give to the people who have given me so much and asked so little in return.

THE VARIANCE IN QUALITY OF OPPORTUNITIES is absolutely flabbergasting. I got the slightest taste of it as a part time worker at Shangri-La hotel, as I compared it to working at fast food, or doing manual labour. In all cases you are being paid for your time, but Shangri-La pays a couple of dollars more per hour than McDonald's- and puts you in far more complex and interesting situations. [1] Navigating these situations is a joy in itself. It challenges you. You have to pay attention, you have to think, you have to be engaged. All of these are practices that are ‘antifragile’, I think, in the sense that they force you to have to deal with messiness and complexity. It’s like strength training with weights rather than with machines.

And I’m guessing this is the case with everything. With internships, you might get a company that expects you to do the paperwork and make coffee, or you might get a company that allows you to get deeply involved in actual decisions, to face real customers and make real decisions. (We’ve been doing that with our interns and it’s worked out really well for us, and for them. The trick is to pick smart people to begin with, and challenge them healthily.)

I guess what I wanted to say with that was… if you want to do great things in your life, if you want to grow and be bigger and stuff like that, then you should seek out roles that let you face (at least some facet of) reality.

Once you go down this rabbit hole, a lot of society feels very farcical. To protect itself from itself. Most people live in a massive zoo, all of us included, and we spend our time trying to figure out how to please the zookeepers. Which leaves us very vulnerable when systems change and we suddenly need to fend for ourselves.

[1] Paul Graham (I think?) described McDonald's as essentially a piece of software- there are such clear, simple and distinct rules for what everything should be doing. It must be an interesting challenge to write the software if you're at the top, it's mind-numbingly boring to be at the bottom. After all, the software is designed to work with the most thoughtless, ignorant, uneducated, unpredictable employees in existence. This is not meant to be a dig at McDonald's employees, bless them- it's meant to be read as praise for the software.

It's interesting in turn to juxtapose this thinking with Venkat Rao's idea about civilization being the process of taking intelligence out of people's heads and putting it into institutions. In that regard McDonald's is more civilized than Shangri-La.
Is writing really the best solution for me?

I was talking to my wife about design and I wondered if writing is really the best medium for me. I picked it largely because it's familiar, convenient and cheap. But there are also limitations to what writing can achieve. What I really want is to be really good at thinking- at using the mind to solve problems. Sometimes mapping or describing a problem in words can be overly tedious and complex. Visuals can help. Computers can help. There are all sorts of ways to make a point more effectively than writing... could there be a global optima in my landscape of tools for self-expression that ISN'T writing? I know that I have pretty good aesthetic taste, although I rarely do very much about it. Where do I start? How do I help? What sort of context should I explore?

I guess the obvious answers are- my work, and the writing that I already have. I should use that as scaffolding and figure out the points I want to be making. I need to define my objectives more clearly so that I can identify the tools and methods that I ought to use. This is something best done in the concrete rather than in the abstract.

I was going to say "what's the greatest meaningful difference I can make", but I'm wondering if a more honest and actionable question might be- What single thing can I do that will energise me the most? Again it would probably be to see accelerating returns on what I'm doing at work... Should I not even be writing this then? I think that's a bit extreme. While I'm here in this writing process, I should figure out how to tidy up my internal and personal processes so I can focus on work things when it's time to think about work things. For the time being (in the next 30 mins or so) I'm going to pretend that work doesn't exist.

The weekend is coming up and I'd like to get the most out of it. Have to figure out a sticky routine to go through.

Rah. What else. I guess I really want to clean out my Evernote as quickly as possible.  Then clear out all my random work tasks as quickly as possible. While also setting aside chunks of time for good stuff. I guess the first thing I should do when I get home is vacuum and clean as much as possible so the weekend feels fresh, clean, tidy. It's so silly that I'm still figuring this stuff out after a full year (and a half?) of home ownership. But better now than never.

Living in the past

Yesterday I was writing about living in the past. I think I need to reread A Sideways Look At Time. This morning I recalled that I wrote a status update on my second day of work, about how much I loved going to work- and two people posted on my wall speculating how long it would be until I hated it. So I went back to dig it up (Facebook has made this a little easier then before) and shared it again. In digging it up I saw everything that I had posted a year ago, and I find myself mentally recreating the state I was in then. I was more of an exhibitionist then than I am now. I was more brazen, naive, an oversharer. I understand now how I must have annoyed so many people over the years with my blunt, coarse ways.

Facebook self-reflection

I honestly believe that Facebook, while potentially a huge time sink in the present, is an asset for self-reflection. It's a massive distributed journal that's interactive. It's a map of social interactions that you can navigate. I think everyone should spend some time- maybe a day every year- just going through their Facebook archives to see how they've changed as a person, how their interactions with others changed. I think it's a very sobering, wistful process. It makes you feel more alive because it reminds you of how much (and how little) you've lived. You get to see what got you excited, what got you angry, and you get to see on hindsight whether it was justified.

Oversimplified Personal Narratives 

Our brains are always working to construct consistent narratives, eliminating unnecessary "noise". We need simple, understandable narratives to make sense of ourselves and the world around us. But of course, the world isn't that simple. Life isn't that simple. It's full of mistakes and false starts.

I'm reading Obama's first book now (Dreams from my Father) and he talked about how he worked in a consulting house for a year or so, first as a research assistant then as a financial writer. He was receiving some signals that he ought to make it a career. He wanted to be a community organiser, but he wasn't getting any responses- all the leads he was chasing were dead ends. Until he got a phone call from a guy in Chicago.

Downplaying Randomness

Consider that phone call! The guy happened to be in NY for a while, which was where Barack was working. If he hadn't been there he wouldn't have called, and Barack would never have become Senator of Chicago, and subsequently, President. It's crazy! And this is also the story of pretty much every human being not suffering from abject poverty. (The lives of the poor and starving are hideously predictable.) For the rest of us privileged ones, life is driven by tremendous amounts of serendipity. You can optimize for it by setting yourself up in a way that makes you more receptive to it, but you can't predict it specifically.

I think Facebook helps to reveal some of that. You see who you used to obsess about and realize you don't care about them anymore. You see friends that you lost. Gained.

The value of something like Facebook lies in its fixedness- it isn't subject to the constant revision that our memories undergo. If you posted something regrettable 6 years ago, it remains there, unchanged. You could delete it, of course, but the point is that it doesn't change unless you purposefully take action.  Memories fade and morph even if you do nothing, or try to stop it. So there's something uniquely useful about record-keeping. With all the Quantified Self stuff going on, I wonder if we'll one day keep records of our mental states, heart rate, conversations,  everything. (And then you wonder, of course, what spy organizations will do when they steal all that data).
My GP tutor made a "haiyah!" sound, smiling as she shook her head. She didn't know what to do with me, but she knew her energies were probably better spent focusing on the weaker students. If memory serves me correctly, she said, "You cannot get complacent, you know! You better score an A for me!" (I did.)

At that moment in time, it felt like a great victory for me, and it fed my inflated ego tremendously. I was one of the best, and I was definitely getting the best mileage out of the meagre amount of effort I was putting in. (I used to be very proud about that. On hindsight, it was petty and myopic.)

The skillset I used to dominate in GP- I would be able to improvise satisfactory answers to anything teachers threw at me- was almosr completely self-taught from years of reading, and from arguing with strangers on Internet forums. (GameFAQs and SOFT.com.sg).

Why am I telling (or retelling) this story now? Because suddenly it occurs to me that "reading under the table" is actually a rather remarkable phenomenon. It's indicative of a student's propensity to pursue her own interests. This is something that's sorely lacking in the world- people who have come alive, who are eager and hungry to devour knowledge, perspectives, information. (It's also symptomatic of a healthy disregard for authority, which I often admire in a person.)

Lighting fires not filling buckets

In an earlier post that was well-received, I talked about how we need to light fires, not fill buckets. My proposed (and very provisional) solution was to use prompts- to ask questions that force people to repeat what it is exactly that gets the fired up.

From a broader societal standpoint, though, that might be a little too late. It only works on people who have some sense of what they care about. If you snuff out a child's curiosity, it's an uphill battle to rekindle it. School inculcates a sort of learned helplessness- your interests are unimportant and invalid, your worth will be measured by your ability to obey instructions that serve the interests of others. It's a rather depressing state of affairs, and it's not even a valid bargain anymore.

If you look at the books being read under the desks of classrooms around the world, you'll find at students who already have a fire in them. The challenge is to feed and fuel those fires. I'm very doubtful of the public education system's ability to do that, so I think we need to do it outside of the system. We have to ask kids, what cool stuff have you been reading lately? What do you think is awesome or amazing about the world?

And then maybe we could ask ourselves the same questions.

Groups are scary

When I was a teenager, I spent an inordinate amount of time hanging out with friends. I think this is pretty common, but on hindsight I think it wasn't actually a great idea. It is what it was, but I'd like to reflect it for a while.

Groups of friends can be a scary thing because they comfort themselves, almost at all costs. They validate each other's life scripts. As long as we're all at this table drinking beer and smoking cigarettes today, we're okay. You're okay, I'm okay. There's someone who'll listen to your grievances, offer some kind words, a pat and a nod. You'll inevitably talk about how the rest of the world doesn't get it the way you guys do, blah blah. It can be pleasant but it often doesn't go anywhere. You can meet every day for a year and find that nobody's really said or done anything new. This can carry on for decades.

(I'm surely over-generalising here but I don't have time in the context of this vomit to make it precise. Just know that I don't mean to speak for everybody or all groups. See: Losers in the context of the Gervais Principle)

If you hang out in the music scene, you'll start concerning yourself with music scene politics and concerns. And you'll start feeling like these issues are important, that they matter somehow. The same for any other scene. The gay scene. The theater scene. A school's football team or IT club. And perhaps they do, but the reality is that nothing is inherently meaningful. So you actually get to choose. And if you don't choose deliberately, everyday life sort of chooses for you, very arbitrarily. Your friends think they have your best interests at heart, bless them, but they probably don't.

All of this is really messy, vague and inaccurate. But that's the thing about word vomits. I'll proceed anyway.

I can only speak for myself. I think it's staggeringly crazy that the world has people trying to solve malaria and sustainable energy AND people who are concerned with celebrity gossip. These two spheres rarely actually overlap. Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Marc Andreessen, Lee Haven Loong, Christine Lagarde, Barack Obama... it's unlikely that these people are interested in celeb gossip, or who their friends are having sex with. It's unlikely that they'll want to watch much TV. They may have some guilty pleasures that help them unwind (Gates likes doing the dishes, apparently) but by and large they're focused on tackling these incredible tasks.

Sure, nothing in life is inherently meaningful but some things have more impact than others. These things also happen to be more interesting, compelling, challenging. I will have something at the end of these 1000 vomits that I wouldn't have at the end of 10000 conversations about everyday life. Bill Gates will have something after solving Malaria that he wouldn't have from watching Internet porn or surfing reddit. I think that's clearly a better life, a more interesting and fulfilling point on the vast landscape of all the lives a person could live.

I think a lot of my family is merely interested in getting through life. In being a good spouse and parent, in the simple pleasures. I've never actually had a conversation with my parents about the scale of my ambitions. I've talked about it with friends, but that's cheap tawk that's more about signalling a position than about getting stuff actually done. The next person I've talked to about these things is my boss, and he's a guy with real skin in the game- making stuff happen, creating real value for people.

Grand ambition is fine but you have to be pragmatic enough to figure out how to implement it. Otherwise it's like talking about how much you want to travel overseas when you don't have enough money for the bus fare to the airport, and you don't even know where the airport is, or what bus will take you there. That's a pretty adequate description of my life the past decade. "If only I had the money, I would go see the pyramids!" I tell my friends. And they nod sympathetically, and then tell me about their wishes and hopes. It's a form of mutually validated delusion- we go nowhere but make each other feel better. At least we're not alone, eh? In the mean time some other kid is working his butt off, saves money for airfare and just freaking travels. Tawking about the future is a sort of escapism from the present. Peacock feathers. Posturing. A little talk is good. Elaborate, tedious talk... That's not just wasteful, it's outright toxic. It burdens you with expectations that you'll never be able to live up to.

So if you find yourself in such a situation, and you dislike it, you leave. You extricate yourself from the elaborate mesh that you're intertwined in. This can be really messy, painful, ugly. But it might sometimes be the only way you can actually get what you want in life.

So the question is, how do I engineer my environment further in a way that gets me to do even more of what I want? Leaving my guitar in the living room makes me play it more. I've felt myself being a little more accountable and even more productive now that my team and I use Asana at work. It's just a little harder to avoid.

The Patient Saboteur

I once said that one of my childhood insights was that I could always outlast anybody who's supposed to police me- parents, teachers, etc- everybody is ultimately fallible, and everybody has their own life to worry about. This was great was when my goal was to avoid being policed by people whom I felt were "bad" for me, people who didn't get it. But this wasn't a very nuanced strategy, and it backfires on me because I developed a very physical, preconscious internalized response to all deliberate, overt direction, even good ones. I'm bad at following instructions, even when I realise that they're "good" or otherwise sensible instructions, and that I ought to follow them.

Interestingly, this only applies to deliberate, overt direction. I'm phenomenal at following my subconscious appetites- lazing around, wasting time online. Picking up a book can be hard, but if I get into it, it's hard to tear myself away. It becomes a non-negotiable internal drive.

How do I generate content, write blogposts? 
It's a pretty big, broad question to which I don't have precise answers to. This particular post is being written partially because I've always been kinda intending to, but primarily because my colleagues and I decided to explicitly describe our processes.

I suppose I should start from the beginning. The earliest stuff I wrote... I simply aggregated jokes, links and pictures and tried to curate them in a tasteful way for anybody who might drop by my website. It was intended for people I'd personally give the URL to. So it was a vanity project.

Later I started blogging, I think at least in part because my classmates were doing it. We'd all link to one another and read each others' blogs, kind of like Facebook status updates are today. It was very "this is how my day went". Once in a while there'd be an angry rant about something...

So as a general rule I'd write about whatever pleased me. I'd describe my personal life, maybe comment on current affairs and on things that bothered me about school, or the music scene that I used to participate in. I posted essays from school that I was proud of (discuss the influence of celebrities on teenagers), and when I discovered a sg_ljers community on livejournal,  I wrote a passionate post about how we forgot how to be gracious and kind in the pursuit of economic development. I got some nice responses there, I think, and it may have inspired me to write more social commentary.

I'd bitch about the media and the government and I'd get a lot of attention for that. I'd also write lots of cringe-worthy how-to guides, cheesy things like how life ought to be lived, how there are life lessons in poker (I such at poker). I wrote about Justin Bieber and Adam Lambert. I did gig reviews and album reviews. I liked the idea of being a blogger and I suppose I was imitating other bloggers I had seen. I wanted to explore grand ideas- if I could describe and promote heroism, I would be a hero too, somehow.

What is my best work? I'm not too sure. I feel like most of my work (if not all of it) is crap. A lot of the stuff with the most hits is populist pandering. I think I need to kinda "archive" that stuff. I think my analysis of mean girls, in its tentative, draft - like state is still more valuable than some of the ignorant stuff I've written about Singapore politics.

What is ecommerce? What is marketing? My head is way too messy. I need to get rid of Facebook, Reddit etc and focus on answering questions. I think that's what blogging should really be about. The exploration of interesting questions.

How much does container shipping really affect Singapore?
Why doesn't the PAP have better marketing/PR?
How does Singapore' s government work, exactly?
How do we get more overseas people to vote in 2016?
What can intelligent everyday Singaporeans do to make Singapore a better place?
How can we encourage better conversations?
How can we direct more attention, energy and resources to the social enterprises that matter?
How do we improve our education system?
What are the threats to Singapore's sovereignty, national security that Singaporeans need to be worried about?
How will Singapore cope with driverless cars, electric cars, 3d printers?
Is it possible to get people to spend less money on 4d/toto?
Why are we taking so long to implement designated smoking areas? (We have designated red light districts.)
How do we encourage more people to blog, thoughtfully?
are the most promising Singaporean companies, startups, enterprises?
Why do we not yet have a catalogue of Singaporean art, books, novels,  music?
Why don't Singaporean musicians do covers of the music of their predecessors?
Why are so many Singaporeans so financially illiterate?
Can we incorporate this into our broader culture?
How can we accelerate LGBTQ acceptance in Singapore?
How can we help our young men get more out of their NS experience?
What can we do to make the SG dating scene less bad?

What else have I bought? A couple of IKEA light fixtures, they add a nice warm tone to the house. I used some cheap speakers for my home, good enough for me. I haven't bought new clothes in a while but I guess the next time I buy I'm going to be a little more selective about fit, now that I can afford better.

I absolutely fell in love with the macbook air and I would not get another laptop that wasn't either a macbook air or pro. I knew it was prettier and more stylish and whatnot, but I didn't know that it was also a whole lot less laggy than any Windows device. That's the real deal clincher, the real thing worth paying more money for. That you can open up the macbook and it starts in seconds. Literally no discernable lag. Like wow.

My Samsung galaxy note 2 has served me really really well. I don't need a new phone anytime soon but when I'm due for a new one... I'll still seek out the input of this guy I know who's crazy about researching gadgets. If he recommends a Samsung option I'd probably pick that. Otherwise I'd go with whatever he suggests.

I'm tempted to buy from the brands I've encountered in my line of work. Bonobos. Greats. Bellroy. Shipping would be a concern though, I think. I get my haircuts and shaves at the barber below my block. Ever since I experienced getting shaved by a professional, I have zero interest in shaving myself. I basically let it grow until it bothers me, then I get a shave and haircut.

I don't care about the same things I used to care about as a teenager. This is obvious to any adult, but it's rarely a compelling argument to any teenager. Whatever you're going through then is a big deal at the time. I'm 24 now, I'm married and a homeowner and I'm reasonably willing to think about my future rather than focus too much on short-term concerns. I can reasonably anticipate that my current short-term concerns aren't in sync with what I would want ten years from now.

Haven't done vomits in a while so let's just jump right into it.

I've been carrying a lot of pointless baggage in my head when I should really just externalise x3.

I want to refactor my blog and all my writing. What have I done that's actually good, useful, lasting?

Hacking the 7 sins

Let's run through the hacking seven sins idea. The seven sins are really impulses left unchecked. I group them into what I call the 4 appetite-driven errors, 2 twin identity based errors and the time/perception based error. ALL of them are bugs, all caused by small-mindedness.

4 appetites- destruction, consumption, accumulation and conquest. Their corresponding sins are wrath, gluttony, greed and lust. You deal with them by ruminating on the concept of diminishing returns.

Wrath: destroy small-mindedness, not people or things. Destroy ignorance. You destroy an enemy when you make her your friend.

Gluttony and greed- consume knowledge, ideas, experiences- things that last and multiply. Accumulate love, friendship, joy, kindness, meaning.

Lust- conquer hearts and minds, hope, respect. It's okay and normal to be sexual, but sexual conquest for its own sake is vacuous. The only dominion you can truly have is over yourself- no more, no less.

2 identity errors- envy and vanity/pride. They melt away when you realise that people are infinite. There is nothing to be jealous about- every person has her own fears, insecurities. Love them instead, or be indifferent. Envy is simply a reminder that you aren't doing justice to yourself. Vanity is the absence of gratitude- you can't seriously be vain when you realise that you owe almost everything to circumstances and others who came before you. Nothing is truly yours. Even your mind and your knowledge and your skills are gifts that you're lucky to have.

Sloth is the hardest for me. I didn't even know how to make sense of it. What's the flaw? Sloth is aversion to work, the short-sighted belief/wish that life will be easier if you just do what is simple and easy, avoidable. A desire for comfort. The problem isn't just that the magic happens outside your comfort zone, but that staying in your comfort zone weakens you. It makes you less equipped to handle life's challenges. A few minutes of exercise a day will make daily life easier. It takes less effort to keep things in order than it does to try to undo chaos. The enlightened sloth invests her resources into becoming more resourceful so that she can have an easier life. Unenlightened sloth is a consequence of a narrow perspective, ignorant of compounding effects. It's escapist, fantasising about a non-existing hypothetical future.

Of all the problems I think sloth is the worst- my biggest weakness and the one I need to focus hardest on overcoming.

Sloth is the hardest

I want to do more to overcome sloth. I want to overcome it myself and I want to help others do it too. I want this to be my primary long focus in life right now- I want to take what I now intellectually know to be true, and make it the central insight of my being. I want it to resonate emotionally, physically.

What's the plan? The most urgent/important thing is for me to quickly get ahead of schedule with my work. I cannot afford to work on my pet/pleasure projects until I get that stuff out of the way. I'm going to use the dark woods analogy from waitbutwhy.com.

I'll write about work stuff in a separate vomit. I'll start that vomit now because its top priority. Then I'll return to this when I'm done/ready.

Heat Seeking Missile

So the question to ask is- what are the questions WE need to answer to let ourselves be discovered by the people we want in our lives? I realise I often write what I think "will sell" to a broader audience (that I don't really care about) instead of what I think really needs to be written- what I save for an imaginary non-existent audience that won't actually appear until I do what I feel in my heart needs to be done.
This is totally wrong. There's a famous quote attributed to Bill Gates about how you should hire lazy people because they'll get the job done in the most efficient way.

Faulty assumption: devil-may-care, lazy people are efficient and enlightened and they have it good. It's good to be that way.

This goes to the heart of entrepreneur porn. The idea that you can come up with a smart idea on LSD (Steve Jobs) and then build a great business. The idea that you can delegate everything and fly around the world having fun (Richard Branson).

In all cases the shlep is actually the most important thing. (I recall Elon Musk saying "I work a lot. I mean, a lot." to Chris Anderson at TED). Functionally smart people do hard, boring things and they do them intensively, purposefully, knowingly, because they know and believe that it will help them get what they want. All the delegation and eureka moments typically come only after you've put in all the groundwork. The groundwork is the most important thing. Reality doesn't owe us success.

I think I could get a lot of mileage out of changing one faulty assumption in my head: That 'smart' people have it easy, and so they take it easy, and so if people call me smart then I can be a lazy genius with flashes of grand insight. If people tell me that my relationship looks like a fairytale then i believe it, and subsequently neglect it. The real truth is that 'smart' people spend hours and days and months and years working on their craft. Founder-CEOs are functionally Janitors-in-Chief.

When I look back at my mountain of rationalization I am in awe. First I had some minor success in school, etc and got early praise for it. I let it get to my head. (What does that phrase really mean anyway? I happily believed that I was special and important in some absolute sense.)

So I did what seemed rational to me. I goofed off. I played video games, ate junk food, watched anime. It was pleasurable and I enjoyed it. And I'm smart, so I should be okay, right?

Until I'm not. The problem is that life scales in difficulty and complexity as you get older (or at least as you transition from infancy to childhood and do on.) What helped you thrive early on can kill you later if that's all you know how to do. I was a one trick pony and I milked that trick for all I was worth. I can absorb new information very quickly. I'm the first person to understand something new, and I'm the first person to ask an intelligent question. Having crafted the illusion of competence, I sit back and tune out. I doodle, I chat with friends, whatever. I'm smart, I'll figure it out, it'll all work out somehow.

You have to do the work. It doesn't do itself. Your subconscious and intuition are great when they tell you that you should do X or not do Y. They're not so great when they tell you "you're smart, you'll figure it out, so don't worry about it." (Some people have the opposite problem and they worry obsessively about everything. I can't help you.)

Where do you draw the line? I now draw the lines at broken promises. It's very important for your long term psychological, mental health to be a person of your word. "It's okay to not be perfect" is fine. "It's okay to make a few mistakes" is context dependent. Is it okay for a heart surgeon to be careless? She has to take every precaution, because lives are at stake. But if she loses a patient despite her best efforts, she shouldn't hold it against herself. (But she probably will, or develop some sort of complex. Being directly responsible for the lives of others must have that effect on people, and it also probably explains why so many parents, teachers and other authority figures seem a little kooky. It's having us dependant on them that does it. They'd be a lot more 'fun' if they weren't responsible for us.)

Breaking promises is debilitating. You lose good friends, and you get stuck with other irresponsible promise breakers. And together you coauthor this brilliant narrative where the group of you are really smart and brilliant, unbeknownst to the world. You validate each other's inertia, irresponsibility. There's a group like this in every school, probably every organization. A group of people who perversely idolise how much they get away with, how little they do. They feel like they're "cheating the system". And I think that's legitimate to some degree. The system isn't exactly fun for low-effort players.

We invent narratives after the fact to explain how we ended up the way we did, ideally in the way that's least painful. (some people do the self-hating thing and come up with an extremely painful, torturous self-narrative. It's messy and complex and I could make an effort to unpackage it out of curiosity, but that's not my interest right now.)

So it's interesting for me to try to come up with the most neutral narrative possible.  One that describes an indifferent reality devoid of purpose and meaning.

I was born to humans who were Imperfect and flawed like most other humans. I Was put into an imperfect education system with other imperfect children, taught by imperfect teachers.

I was told that I was smart. I was spoiled and not given any real responsibilities. I had a domestic helper to clean up after me. I never learned to cook or clean or mop or use the washing machine. I read a lot for pleasure. I liked pyramids and roman soldiers and volcanos and dinosaurs and avalanches. I played video games a lot for pleasure. I liked being smart. But I never did my homework. Homework was boring. I played video games. (maybe related: I liked McDonald's and sugary sweets. I hated regular meals.)

The response authority figures typically give to that is "you think you're cheating the system but you're really cheating yourself". That never really convinced me then. I suppose the fact that I'm bringing It up now means that it stuck with me the whole time, but I'm sure there's a better way of talking about it in a way that kids like my younger self would've been more receptive to.

Is there a better way? What's up with the "you're cheating yourself" rhetoric? I talked about it with my wife and her first thought as an ex-teacher was that that's a sort of preemptive I-told-you-so. It doesn't really improve the situation, it just makes the adult feel better.

How did I personally react to "you're cheating yourself"? My thoughts were, I think- "So? So what? I don't care! What's wrong with "cheating yourself"?

"I cheated myself" is a line we use to express regret about decisions we made in the past that have led us to suboptimal circumstances today. There are all sorts of interesting lines of inquiry we can pursue here. Most of them converge on the reality that the self isn't single, whole, consistent. Rather, it's fragmented, multi-faceted, context-dependent.

When someone says you're cheating yourself, you should insist they clarify. Which self? What why should that particular facet of self get more respect than any other? I'm not saying that all facets of the self are equal, I'm just saying that you should get people to explain themselves.

We have a storytelling deficit in the world. People don't make it a habit to help other people find meaning in action, to care about things. School tells you that you should care, and it provides a system of incentives- grades, scholarships, detention, expulsion. But it doesn't actually sit you down and inspire you. It doesn't actually show you why you should care. Those things are so much more powerful than any system of incentives.

Written in January 2014.

How about  completely unplanned vomit, huh? Technically no vomit is completely unplanned because there are always thoughts floating around in the head waiting to be captured. The main reason I'm doing this right now is because I don't want to have spent my morning commute on Facebook or Twitter or Quora.

Bad eating habits

I've been coming to terms with the fact that I've had bad eating habits all my life, and it's affected me much more deeply than I previously realised. I have been living with low blood sugar symptoms almost daily for years, which led me to being really weak, tired, lethargic. I just lived with it, as if it were completely normal to get extremely tired all the time. I'm sure there are people who have and have had it worse than me. I don't think my problem is acute enough to be considered a medical problem, it's just a blah lifestyle. And I want to change it. I'm tired of being this skinny, weak and often suddenly cranky guy. I want to live a life of happiness and kindness and joy, and that's going to require some extensive reprogramming.

I've been talking about this for years of course, which makes me a ripe candidate for "all talk and no action". But I do believe I've taken some actions, and I've made some progress. I sleep earlier these days. I eat healthier, I think. I've been reasonably on top of my work, which is a miracle compared to how I was throughout my 16 odd years in the education system (and my two years of national service). My natural state has been "unreliable and irresponsible", for everything, since forever. It's been really hard to fix- harder than quitting smoking.
Progress through small changes

But I think I'm making progress. I think the mistake I habitually make is that I try to make very dramatic changes. That's really hard to do, it seems like my brain and body is resistant to big changes. The challenge is to make small but lasting changes. So rather than try to go from unproductive to productive, I should carve out a few minutes of really distraction-free productivity time.

I've been bothered by how unfit I've been getting. I don't look any less fit than a couple of years ago, but something about my day to day life is slowly killing me and I can feel it. It's sapping my strength. It's all the sitting around, probably, and the lack of exercise. For a period of time I was doing pushups and squats everyday and that was kinda helping me fight back the atrophy.

I'm revisiting that chemical/body focused approach. Breathing, sleep, hydration, nutrition, mindfulness, information diet... I realise that I've been working on sleep and nutrition but I haven't really done much about breathing. It just seems intellectually silly to me. But I should experiment with it. Many people wiser, more experienced and more successful than I have sworn by it. The few times I've tried it have always been positive.

Laziness as work aversion.

A friend pointed out that sometimes we're averse even to things that we know to be pleasurable. That's true. This whole thing is incredibly complex, which is why so many people are mired in patterns of procrastination, addiction, depression, "underachieving".

The question is, when you say someone is underachieving, what does that mean? That they aren't doing all that they could be doing? Why should a person do all they can do, anyway? Because life is short? Sure. But why should they do something that they're directed to do, either by others or by their conscious mind?

This line of reasoning can easily lead to "why bother with anything?", which is a space I think everybody should spend some time in... but it's not particularly fun or interesting in the long run. I think life should be fun and interesting. And that's something I'm willing to accept as an axiom of sorts, because life is short. I'm a curious person, and exploring my curiosity has almost always been a pleasurable, gratifying experience.

My mission in life right now is to help myself and help others out of a dull, dreary life. That means joy and excitement. Expanded consciousness. People should see wonder, joy and gratitude in the world. I want to be able to help people do that, in a way that isn't silly or cheesy.

Fixing deep procrastination

I want to help solve/fix procrastination in a deep, meaningful sense. Procrastination is complex, and it's robbed me of a lot of pleasure, and I've just about had enough of it. I'm not knocking on idleness- idleness can be pleasant. I'm talking about the sort of mindless, hollow empty procrastination where you hate yourself. Nobody should have to experience that.

I mean, if people could hit a button or swallow a pill and become instantly productive, wouldn't they? We all know what is best for ourselves in the long run, but we get messed up by the short run. I'm not saying that short-term pleasures or desires ate necessarily bad, I've indulged in them myself, far more than I'm comfortable admitting. I just think that there should be a healthy relationship between present-self and future-self. (And past-self too, actually.)

I don't hate or resent my past self. I know that he did what he could within his limitations and circumstances. I'm not sure if he would've been able to do more, given what he knew, who he was and what he thought or felt. What I do know is that if I had the information I have NOW, I would've made slightly different decisions. I don't think I would've done better in school, but I would've been more deliberate about my side projects.

It's more interesting to think about the future. I look back at my secondary school and JC days and see some squandered opportunities. What will my future-self think about how I am right now? That's the million dollar question.

I think the kicker is meaningful information. If I knew better, I'd probably have done better. (Not necessarily, but the path is revealed.) So how do I make sure I know better right now? How do I reveal the continuum of paths I am to choose from?

I think a big part of it is seeking out people and having conversations with them. For me, at least- I am energised by good 1-1 conversations with thoughtful people. Every person is different and had an interesting, unique take on things that can be remarkably energising. I met a couple of people for conversations and I realise I should do it a lot more, at scale. It sharpens my thinking.

I don't mean groups. I've become increasingly wary and suspicious of groups. I mean individuals. /abrupt finish

Books, the first addiction

I've been reading more than I have been reading lately. I don't think I'm anywhere near my absolute peak, which may actually have been in primary school, when I used to read all day and all night. Before I was interested in women, or in social status, or had any disposable income, or had any idea that masturbation or cigarettes or alcohol were quick ways to douse the brain in fun, pleasing chemicals, books were my primary source of pleasure. Before the Internet, they were my primary means of exploring the world.

Books as magic; crystallised human thought

So lately I've sort of come full circle and I've been trying to read more. Bill Gates still reads books. I think the reason for that is- books are magic, they upgrade your brain. Books are essentially crystallised human thought, tidied up so they're easier to absorb. By reading the cleaned-up thoughts of ideaspace explorers, you get to go where they went, without the perilous amounts of effort and groping in the dark required. It's the closest thing we have right now to Neo learning Kung Fu by having it directly streamed into his brain. Reading is a little slower (although even that can be hacked a little bit).

So I want to read more. Every so often, I look up after finishing a book and think "wow, I should have read this sooner". I don't feel that after every single book, and I can't actually entirely predict which books will and won't do it- I can have a rough idea, but books can surprise you, both ways.

Quality Writing

I'm currently reading Obama's Dreams From My Father. It's been on my mental reading list since, I don't know, since Obama got elected in 2008. [1]

I've been enjoying his descriptions of his struggles as a community manager. He wrote it in 1995, probably before he seriously thought of becoming President, so it feels relatively "real"- meaning it doesn't feel too much like it's polished PR (which, of course, is the best kind of hyperreal PR). I enjoyed his descriptions of the racism he encountered, his description of his relationship with his ex girlfriend(s), his description of the realpolitik challenges he faced even at the level of local community organising. I feel like I'm a little wiser for it. I feel like he's spoken to me (as all writers do to readers- we write partially because we can't find anybody to talk to in the particular way we want to, or because we want to reach others like ourselves). I flatter myself,  of course. But reading Obama's memoirs beats reading stuff from bloggers no more experienced or qualified than I am (for the purpose of learning about how the world works and how to make decisions). Nothing is completely free from agenda, of course; Obama could be wrong about some things, he could be lying about some things, he could be making stuff up... etc. Etc. But at the very least, it's a more compelling read.

Fiction and Reality

I think the lines between fiction and reality are overstated. Fiction can communicate truths that non-fiction might not be able to. What I'm enjoying about Obama's memoir is how it's possible to sort of get inside his headspace (granted, it's the side he chooses to show us, and it could be artificially constructed), and the space seems/feels valid. It seems to correspond with my experience of people, as a person.

No good reviews?

And I think the main point I want to get to is this: I've never really encountered a review of the book in a public/popular space, and I've never really seen a compelling description of the scenarios described in it. Maybe they exist, and I simply haven't noticed them because I never thought to look for them. But it's ridiculous that intelligent people attempt to have thoughtful conversations about Obama without reading him first. Why do we do that?

I guess it's partially a stakes thing. Most daily conversations are incredibly low-stakes- we're essentially playing with pocket change, peanuts, dummy money. If our livelihoods depended on it, we'd probably do the reading.

Most conversations are pointless

Which leads to an interesting realization- most conversations, unless you're particularly deliberate about it, are kinda pointless. Most opinions are uninformed. It's a consequence of the way incentives are "structured"- if you don't have skin in the game, you don't really have an incentive to be accurate about any given issue. You may personally decide that you want to be accurate and precise in your thinking, but that's probably in service of something greater- your personal mission or vision for yourself. But people around you aren't obliged to do the same.

Warning labels

This is where I think there's a bit of a revelation to be had. Cigarettes aren't the only things that should have warning labels. Almost everything does. Family. School. Banks. Loans. Insurance. The media. The media itself doesn't have a singular, grand agenda- it's made up of millions of people pursuing their personal agendas. Same for governments and large organizations. We tend to reduce them into simple villains because it's convenient and easy, and it makes the 'moral' landscape less complex. Clearly defined villains can make life easier to parse in the short run. But they hide the messier, uglier truth- that we're all guilty, that we're all complicit in villainy.

We have to acknowledge that, I think, if we want to truly make a difference.

[1] I just watched the HBO documentary of the 2008 election, by the way, and it's amazing to see how everybody's using flip phones. It was before smartphones became ubiquitous. It looks almost like ancient history now. But I was in junior college then, it wasn't that long ago! Time is moving faster than it did before, that's for sure.  I remember when the Motorola v3 was an exciting, new piece of technology. I remember when I first used my Samsung and Sony Ericsson semi-smartphones; they seemed so powerful! Now I'm writing essays on my phone on the way to work... soon will I be doing this entirely inside my head? I was flabbergasted at the voice recognition power that Google has now (just say Okay Google to your phone when the screen is at the search bar).
It looks like I began writing this in 2013.

Blinders

New ways of seeing can become new sets of blinders. MBTI was like this for me. It opened my eyes to realizing that people are more varied than I had previously imagined. It helped me understand and explain people better than I was ever able to before. It almost felt like a superpower: I felt like I was better able to predict (to a minor but noticeable degree) how interactions between people would play out. The blinders had come off.

Eventually I would nurture a deep understanding of the system. Rather than memorize the 16 types, I studied the 8 functions that determine them. Once you understand the functions and how they play off of each other, you can recreate the mbti profile.

For example, ENTPs have extraverted intuition as their dominant function. They're good at seeing connections and linkages between disparate ideas. So they tend to be witty, clever, quick on their feet. The opposite of extraverted intuition is introverted sensing.

People tend to not develop the inverse of their dominant function. If you love introverted thinking you're probably not a big fan of extroverted feeling. These are assumptions, and they're about preference, not aptitude. People's weak suit tend to be the inverse of their strong suit. This is a blatant, blunt assumption. I estimate that it's correct about maybe 65% of the time. The more developed the person, the harder it is to make any predictions. Barack Obama for example is difficult to type, and I'm not sure if there's any point in trying.

So if these assumptions hold- ENTPs are witty and quick to connect the dots, but they're perhaps less disciplined, less consistent, less self-aware. Vague stuff like that. If you have great introverted feeling- powerful sense of ideals, values, virtues, etc- you're probably not a big fan of extraverted thinking: execution, decision-making, making deals and tradeoffs.

The map is not the territory

Does that sound about right? It's fun and interesting to explore as a model, but it's ultimately just that: a model. People are more complex than these models predict, and we don't really fall into these neat tidy categories. Also, aptitude tends to matter more than attitude when predicting an outcome- just because you like logic doesn't mean you're good at it.

Finally, worst of all- such models are unintentionally prescriptive. People aren't well equipped to accept that they could be wildly different- remember, you're always just one traumatic head injury from becoming a completely different person! So we tend to pick narratives- usually whatever's been chosen for us- and reinforce them.

I'm not saying that people are blank slates- I think spending time with young children, even infants, makes it very clear that different people have different mannerisms and personalities from the start.

The problem I think is oversimplification: mistaking the map for the territory. This is where a new way of seeing becomes a new set of blinders. We start living in the map. It's okay to make plans, projections and predictions but it's more important not to be a sucker- to realize that you'll never know when your neat, tidy model will fail you... until it does. And sometimes this sort of failure can be devastating. So it’s very important to protect against downside. What’s the worst that happens when your model fails, and how do you protect against it? These are important questions!

That which liberates you can also shackle you.

What is something that you've cut out of your life?

I used to be a huge mbti nerd, I can still talk about it for hours if necessary. But I feel like there's something that isn't captured in that dichotomy that ruins the picture for me. I don't really think it's even adequately captured by any of the type differences.

I'm talking about pushiness, a propensity or willingness to interrupt others. To impose one's will on another and not take no for an answer. Different people are forceful in this manner to different degrees. They have different ideas about what is acceptable.

I know self-identified introverts who are pushy and self-identified extroverts who are not. I think I fall into that last category. I talk a lot. I'm very noisy. I have a low signal-to-noise ratio. I used to be a Facebook power user. I know, I was really annoying by posting too much stuff that most people weren't interested in, but might've felt socially obligated to put up with.

But I believed (or I think I believe) in the relative sanctity of personal space. I believe that sparing people shame is the greatest good.

I don't like obligations. I don't like making promises. As a consequence I can be really irresponsible- it's a problem. I walk away from things. I miss deadlines.

But I don't impose my will on people. If you don't wanna hang out, its cool with me. It's strange for me to realize on hindsight that two of the guys who gave me the most shit for being unavailable were self-identified introverts. I know extroverts who do the same thing of course, but with them it kinda comes with the territory.

Butthurt alone doesn't  change reality

I guess the important takeaway for me is to realise that I live in a world that doesn’t necessarily see things the way I do, like things the way I do. I think it was my boss who pointed out that I have a different perspective on broken promises, etc compared to other people. And the thing about reality is that it doesn’t give a shit- things don’t conform to my perspective just because I wish it were so.

Perhaps I could make it so by building an empire under me, where people conform to my expectations or GTFO- but that is a whole other challenge altogether. In the meantime, if I want to get what I want in a world that doesn’t care, I’m going to have to learn the ways of others. It’s only polite, really. Less butthurt, more acknowledgement of reality.

But that pursuit is entirely secondary to my primary interest, which is making better decisions for myself and for the people in my life that I am beholden to and responsible for. Ender's Game was like that for me- it was a book about decision-making in complex situations with ethical dilemmas. I expected Earth Unaware to be the same, and it didn't disappoint. I read the whole book in one sitting and I bought the remaining books in the series almost the very next day. Along with those books, I bought a book called Impulse.

Impulse

The joke of course is that I must have bought Impulse on impulse, but I also recognise the roots of it. If you've been following my vomits for a while or you've had the misfortune of being subject to my tirades you'd know that I am a serial, heavy procrastinator. I have textbook ADHD symptoms. I have a patient saboteur-bum in my head and I have been trying-and-failing-but-trying-again to keep him at bay. So impulsiveness is something I dearly want to understand and manipulate.

This book was on my shelf along with books that I bought prior to the latest purchase, and books that I had been reading before that (Steve Wozniak's autobiography, The Clinton Tapes and others are all half-read on my shelf.)

When waiting for my Mac to upgrade to OSX, I looked around. I had 15 minutes to kill, I might as well make some progress on a book. And out of everything in the shelf, I grabbed Impulse.

Paying Attention

I thought that was very interesting to me, and even more so after reading some way into the book and being confronted with the idea (again) that most of our activities are mindless rather than mindful. Unconscious rather than conscious.

While it's definitely a good practice to try to be as conscious and mindful of everything as much as possible- and I don't do that enough- it's also definitely important to pay careful attention to what we do when we're mindless.

Let me refine that: We have limited amounts of conscious attention. It makes sense to first pay attention to what we already do, before we try to direct that limited consciousness towards pursuits that our subconscious might not be interested in. To use the Heath brothers' analogy- our subconscious is the elephant, we are the rider. And our goals are the paths before us. What should a weak mahout do? He should get stronger, yes, but the highest order bit for him is to get to know his elephant better.

Zen in the art of writing

...is a book by Ray Bradbury. Bradbury, like Dostoyevsky and Ogilvy, really gets under my skin. He feels like a dear friend that I can return to away from the absurd world I inhabit. He advised me to write fiction, to write about something that mattered to me. And the thing that matters a lot to me is my relationship with my own mind. My strange, different mind.

I started writing a story about a boy and his pack of wolf-puppies. He grew up with them. He had a lot of fun with them. But they also got him into a lot of trouble. He didn't know how to manage or control them. Nobody gave him a manual. People told him that he wasn't making use of them properly. He couldn't bear the idea of chaining them, they would look so pained and sad. Yet they caused him a lot of anguish by destroying things, and dragging him down paths he didn't really want to go. It dawned on him that he wasn't always good to them either. He fed them lousy food because he was afraid of cooking. He'd neglect to walk them sometimes because he was "too busy", though he knew in his heart that he could do more.

The solution, he realized, was that he would have to discipline not his dogs, but himself. He was to grow up. He was to become responsible. He would get burnt trying to cook, but he would do it. For them. He would train himself, discipline himself. And he would do more for them. He would do better for them. And he trusted that they would rise to the occasion, that they would appreciate him and love him for it.

Motivational Videos

I've been watching a whole bunch of these lately. And I feel like they've been having a real effect on me. I feel like the words have begun to seep into my own mind. Let me take a minute to try to recap everything I've gotten out of these videos so far.

Life is hard, tough, short, brutish. It's going to hurt. It's going to suck. There's no sugarcoating any of that. The real important question is- What are you going to do about it? You're going to get hurt, knocked down, get the shit kicked out of you. Your brain is going to get cloudy and dark, the world is going to look hopeless.

But you need to know that it's all an illusion. It's all in the mind. On the other side of fear is joy and beauty and everything you want to become. It might not be entirely in your control, but it is all chemicals in the brain. It's important to know that. Chemicals can be managed. You have to believe that. Yes, depression and mental illness are real things and they will put you in the hospital, paralyse you, ruin you. The critical thing is that you have to know that you're allowed to have a better life. And you're allowed to have a dream, and you're allowed to pursue it. You can live your dream. Believing in it alone is not enough, but you have to believe. And It's easy to lose sight of that. It's easy to let everyday life crowd out your dream. I've had that happen to me.

What is my dream?

Moonshots and wild hairy audacious goals are nice to have, but it's also Important to have something to strive towards that will make you an uncommon, valuable and interesting individual in the process of striving for it. For me, I realize, it's these vomits.

When you pick what you're willing to suffer for, what flavor of shit you're willing to eat day after day for no extrinsic reward. What would you want to have gotten really good at, even if nobody else will ever care? For me it's writing. And so I need to write more. I need to write every day. It's crystal clear to me now.

Reviewing it every day

This is something that felt silly to me in the past. Why do you need to look at your goals every day? Don't you already know them?

But now I realize that repetition is power. The mind is flighty. It seeks whatever is immediate and convenient. Writing down your goals and putting them in your wallet, on your fridge, these are things that keep you focused. They remind you of your priorities and they force you to prioritize. This is especially necessary for me as somebody with ADHD. I tried intermediate things like using a wallpaper of Commander Shepard on my Mac.

But I think that's insufficient. "Get inspired" is an overly vague first cut for a person who has a specific goal. Once you have a specific goal you need to be reminded to run towards it. I need to light a fire every morning when I wake up. He'll, I need to tend to the fire after every tomato. Why do I allow large chunks of time to pass without me being hyperfocused on my goals? Arrogance and complacency, I think. I assume that I'm a smart person, and that smart people figure everything out by themselves. Critical mistake. And when the mistake gets pointed out, I think "Oh, good catch. As a smart person, now that I've gotten that piece of input I definitely won't do it again." And then I do it again.

Either I am not a smart person, or my understanding of smartness is not very useful. I need prosthetics. I need systems. I need reminders. But perhaps above all In need to recognise that I have recurring issues that are stopping me from achieving what I want.

I will have climbed my first personal Everest when I complete my 1000 vomits. And then I will pick another target. In the mean time I need to establish clearly that this is the highest goal in my mind (outside of work and family.) I need to remind myself of this on all my personal touchpoints so that I can't get away from it. I need to review it every day for a few minutes at least. I need to eliminate nonsense activities like worrying about what other people are doing on Facebook. Completely pointless and outright damaging.

That was this morning's vomit. Only about 800 more to go. See you again in the evening.
The simple fact that we live today environments that we haven't evolved for yet suggests to me that we can "win" many conflicts, confrontations and complications just by being the most thoughtful, reserved and analytical player. [2]

While you want to be analytical, it's important, I think, to be capable of using force if necessary, and to signal the ability to use that force, but generally speaking- modern life is characterised by opportunities to use thoughtfulness as means to achieve your ends. (I'm sure people have written about this even 3000 years ago. It becomes more relevant everyday.)

I've lapsed into abstractions and generalisations. Let's bring it back to reality. What does this mean for me in my daily life?

There have been times where I've deeply regretted not being physically stronger. Yet so far this regret has not translated into a lifestyle change that makes me stronger. Exercise for me happens most frequently when I frame it as a tool for getting mental clarity. It helps me think better and make better decisions.

Behavioral change and equilibrum states

Earlier at lunch I was chatting with a couple of colleagues about behavioural change. When a group of people attempt a lifestyle change, some people persist while others fall off the wagon. What differentiates the successful instances from the unsuccessful ones? [3] Clearly there's a whole system of things that need to come into play- it's rarely ever one single adjustment.

Think about it. Things tend to end up in equilibrium states. If one random input is all it takes to transition you from one state to another- say, from a couch potato to an athlete, then chances are that you will make that transition on some arbitrary, random day. Chances are that you'll already have done it. Because changing one single element is easy to do.

What actually happens is that we get highly invested in our positions, and we develop or inherit multi-faceted systems that keep us where we are. Let me say that again for emphasis- we get into highly-stable local maxima, and what got us there is designed to keep us from going anywhere else. It becomes a sort of 'regulatory framework'.

So if you're a smoker, chances are that you'll develop habits and rituals that keep you tied to the root habit. You'll smoke after meals, and meals feel incomplete without the smoke. You'll smoke after sex. You'll smoke whenever you drink. You'll smoke when you hang out with your friends, who "coincidentally" all happen to be smokers too.

Before you became a smoker, smoking was your form of escape from reality. It was a getaway. It was thrilling, exciting. After a while, the getaway envelopes the totality of your reality. It seeps into your skin and into every fibre of your being, it becomes a weight around your ankle. The new lens became a new set of blinders.

Addiction aided, abetted and protected by lifestyle

The same happens for any kind of addiction or bad habit. It's an entire lifestyle. A world view, even. This is one of the hardest parts of behavioral change. You effectively have to perform a religious conversion of sorts. You need to change the person's fundamental identity.

I think that's the single most important thing. If the person's identity doesn't change, any behavioral change you witness initially is likely to be a farce, a performance. (Obviously, they have to at least somewhat want the change. Otherwise you'll need to first convince them, and it just gets an order of magnitude harder each step of the way.)

It's not so black and white, of course. What happens is that you first need to consider the possibility of an alternate identity. You experiment with slightly different behaviour... you need to "try out" all the components separately and have a couple of full-dress rehearsals before you can finally make the leap and change altogether.

Early progress looks pathetic from the outside

From the outside, this looks really messy, ugly and unproductive. It's the equivalent of emptying out your drawers onto the floor- your room just got even messier. But changes are happening. You're growing a new self-concept, new behavior, new goals, new values. And for a period of time you will be carrying two sets of everything inside your head.

It's very, very, very hard work. Failure will accost you every step of the way and it will be incredibly discouraging. You will keep wanting to go back to your old, familiar ways. And sometimes you will actually go back- and the challenge is to wake up the next morning and try again.

Do it for the kids

I do think it helps a lot to have goals and motivations that are outside of yourself, to do things for people who are not yourself. The Thai smoking ads come to mind. People treat kids better than they treat themselves, so do it for the kids (if you can do that without moralising and being an authoritarian dick about it). Do it for your own kids. Do it to fix all the problems you unfairly encountered when you were growing up.

The world is very badly designed. There are tonnes of things every single one of us can do to make it slightly better than it was before. But to do those things we often need to discipline ourselves. We need to change ourselves so that we get more out of ourselves, so that we have enough to give to others. It's all ultimately energy from the Sun.

Power of 1-1s in daily life

One of the cool things that my company does is regular 1-1s. I hadn't really heard of the concept before I started work- I think it should be something that every organization does rigorously. Ben Horowitz has written a couple of cool things about them here and here.

If I have grown and developed significantly as an individual in the past couple of years, I think a lot of it has to do with the work environment I have, and the 1-1s I have with my boss. It's just this really refereshing opportunity to reflect on what I've done, who I'm being, what I ought to be doing, what I ought to focus on, what the weak points in my thinking are, things like that.

Since doing 1-1s I've started to find regular "filler" conversations to be almost excruciatingly pointless. Not immediately- I went through a lengthy transition period, I think- but I'm now quite clear about this. Every conversation is an opportunity for people to learn, grow, do better. Sometimes people want to do small talk, but I think even then conversation can be guided towards interesting directions. I'm still a beginner at this, but I think the important thing is to ask questions and then wait and listen. Let people explain themselves, while maintaining a frame of genuine curiosity and interest rather than judgement. And it's genuinely interesting.

Insecurity

I think I have a deep-rooted insecurity when it comes to conversations and conversational space. I like to talk a lot, and I do have a genuine interest in people and ideas, but I don't shut up and listen nearly as much as I ought to.

The main reason I do this, I think, is because I was used to growing up in environments where nobody cared what you thought, and if you wanted to be heard you had to reach out and grab it for yourself. [4]

I also really enjoyed getting people to agree with me, and you can do that by quickly repeating something that is parallel to whatever a person is saying. So a person might be saying, "Oh, today at work I had a rough day because of this conflict I had with X about Y", and I might go "Oh, yikes, that sucks. It's just like the conflict in that movie/book/story...". And they agree, and the conversation then changes to some degree because of it.

I'm starting to realize that it's far more interesting to just sit back, nod, and ask questions. Let other people tell their stories. It's a lot more interesting, and it actually feels really fulfilling when you make people feel comfortable enough that they start opening up to you more than they open up regularly, even when they're by themselves. It's an incredible privilege, and an incredible gift, really.

So yeah. Less impulsiveness. More listening.

[1] This was probably evolutionarily advantageous on the savannah 100,000 years years ago. Whoever moved quickly and urgently survived, those who paused to contemplate all possibilities were killed by predators. False positives were harmless then (harmless rustle in the grass misinterpreted as predator), while false negatives were potentially fatal (predators written off as harmless rustles in the grass). As a result, we evolved to be a flighty, edgy species.

[2] Of course, there are exceptions to this. And not being aware of these exceptions (or assuming that they don't exist) could literally kill you. Life is hard, brutish and complicated. I recommend reading The Black Swan and Antifragile to get a better sense about this. Ribbonfarm has some cool things too. But the fundamental idea is basically always cover your arse and don't let yourself get killed by some random fluke. A small probability of a catastrophic event is worth defending against, because you only have one life and once you die, game over- even if you played your hand 'right'.

[3] I just realized that I didn't actually answer this directly, because I got carried away talking about the complexity of behavioral change. I don't know the precise answer to this question- if I did I would be a best-selling author, coach, etc. But I think initial conditions have a lot to do with it.

If we go back to the Heath Brothers' analogy of the elephant rider (mahout) and the elephant, a lot of change is dependent on the fundamental inclinations of the elephant. A skilled rider can't get the elephant to go somewhere it doesn't want to go. So you need a really important, quality Why. And you need to stress-test the fuck out of that Why. Once you have a reasonably good Why for something that's an achievable distance away (I want to go to Mars to expand the consciousness of the species is a great Why, but it's not very actionable- you need to pick smaller things that get you closer to the big thing.)

[4] This also really reminds me of my time as a musician. I used to end up playing too loud, too fast, with too many notes. I was too edgy and anxious to learn to chill out and just sit in the pocket, be in the music rather than ahead of it. A lot of my life is about me learning to let go, to loosen up, to get synchronized with the rhythm and tempo of things rather than rushing ahead and then feeling overwhelmed.
End of the day, 0017hrs. Done with shower. Waiting for wife to shower.

The vomits are a tragicomic manifestation of my life at large

It's a little amusing and a little disheartening for me to be mindful of the state I am in at word vomit number 0176. I have been doing this in a very haphazard, unsystematic way, which is pretty much how I live my life, too. The vomits aren't entirely in chronological order- sometimes I do a vomit on Evernote and I forget about it, and then I find it later on and publish it. Sometimes I stitch together two half-vomits into a new vomit altogether. I don't have a single fixed way of writing. I don't know whether I should edit my older vomits or not. Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't. It's a real mess.

(If only I had realized that all the filing nonsense I had to deal with in school was actually a head-fake for me to learn how to file and manage things that actually matter to me!)

Initially I didn't know how I wanted to deal with all of this, so I went with my number one coping mechanism- I just put it all off entirely. I repeated a number somewhere at one point in time, and I had to re-number a whole bunch of vomits. The whole thing seemed kind of counter to the intent of the vomits. I was doing more administrative work than actual vomiting. I had envisioned this beautiful alternate version of reality where all I needed to do was to keep writing, and everything else would take care of itself.

Original Intent

But what WAS the intent of the vomits? Perhaps I ought to return to that. The idea was that I would be a different writer by the end of 1000 vomits. That's it. To do something 1000 times and to incorporate whatever I learn along the way. The objective wasn't to have 1000 pristine, perfect vomits. I knew from the start that that wouldn't be possible. The idea was just that I ought to complete 1,000,000 words by my own standards. I might even meet that target at word vomit 900 or 950, because I have a habit of exceeding my targets, but I'll keep going till I have 1000 vomits.

Perhaps the first 200 vomits will reveal themselves to be the early, crappy works where everything is haphazard and ugly. Perhaps the last 200 vomits will be polished and refined in spite of the "stream-of-consciousness" idea, because I'd have gotten that much better at doing it. Who knows? Certainly not me, and I should stop pretending that I have any idea.

I feel like I need to dig deeper. Why did I want to do the vomits in the first place? Why did I want to write 1,000,000 words, why did I want to do 1,000 sets of 1,000 words? (I realize I can probably go back and read 0001, but before I do that I want to try and attempt to answer the question. Then I can go back and compare notes and see how much I've rewritten my own history.)

Here are some reasons for the million words:

I've noticed that great writers write in great quantities. Ray Bradury wrote at least a thousand words a day, supposedly. In more contemporary contexts, Seth Godin has been blogging for over a decade. patio11 of Hacker News has written over a million words in his comments alone. I get angry, annoyed and frustrated when I read sensationalist writing- smartass tweets that get a ton of retweets, etc- and I decided that if I want to compete with that, I want to compete asymmetrically. I want to go long. I want to write more than any of my would-be peers can match.

That's the arrogant, angry egoistical sort of answer. The more reflective answer is that everything is a remix, and that all great artists started out copying other people, doing derivative work. You can't get to the really interesting, 'original', cutting-edge stuff until you've been writing and rewriting over and over again. The best way to avoid copying others is to copy EVERYBODY, over and over again, until you've literally played everything there is to play. You've played every configuration, and your brain starts coming up with new and or different things just so you're not bored.

I think this is working out for me as a tactic. I had a conversation about this with my boss, too. How many times can a person repeat themselves before they get bored? How many times can you talk about how badly you want to do something, until you get sick of the conversation and actually do it? For smoking, it took me years to quit. I think I wanted to quit since 2010, and I made about 5-10 attempts (not sure of the exact number). I failed again and again and again.

I want to be a good writer more than I want to be a non-smoker. I'd actually happily pick up smoking again if it made me a good writer, but I know better now. The only thing that makes you a good writer is more writing. And reading, of course. You need to read excessively and then write excessively. Then you need to rework your old stuff again and again and again, so that you identify what works and eliminate what doesn't. I liked the idea of doing this in a very deliberate way rather than hoping it happens by chance, so I figured that doing a million words would be a good way to get my engine running. I don't intend to be done at the end of 1000 vomits. That's when I intend to get started. That's when I expect my best work to just start coming to me. Or maybe it'll happen a decade after that.

The ENTP/ADHD mind to me is kind of like a firehose. You just spurt out tonnes and tonnes of material, but a lot of it is initially sludgy, gross, hard to use. You need to get all the dirt and muck out (the stuff at the head of the nozzle, that got stuck there from a lifetime of non-use). Then once that initial stuff is blasted out (I think I'm already done with that), you need to to spray your stuff over a broad range of topics, use it in many different contexts, twist it turn it flip it remix it rewrite it. You don't know in advance what will work.

The 1000 vomits is a way for me to give myself a shot at coming up with something new, interesting, something compelling, and the rather than actually try to achieve those things, I'm simply going through everything I have over and over again until I get absolutely sick and tired.

My Current Zietgeist

I feel like I'm heading down this path about identity, about behavioral change. I feel like I have contributions to make in the realm of procrastination. Almost everything I've read about procrastination has been absolute shit, in my humble, unqualified opinion. I think it's because people treat it like something that can be solved with a bag of tricks, that some app or some helper or system will save you.

I think it goes deeper than that. I think it goes deep into a person's psyche, a person's identity, the lives they lead, the friends they surround themeselves with, their environment. The procrastination isn't a problem nearly as much as it is a symptom, and trying to make the symptom go away without addressing the root causes is rather futile. And the root causes can be really... subtle? Amorphous? It could be literally an existential woe. Why bother doing your work when the universe is going to be extinguished in the end? Heh, maybe I should start a post with that premise. That's what my next vomit shall be.
Why bother doing your work when the universe is going to be extinguished in the end? All meaning is arbitrary, constructed, illusory, temporary. We live, we die, how we spend the time in between doesn't really matter at all in the grand scheme of things.

My friend: fuck the grand scheme of things. The grand scheme of things does not give a fuck about you, and you really don't have to give a fuck about the grand scheme of things.

If I may be so bold- I think you use the grand scheme of things as a crutch. You talk about the state of the world, the dismal state of international relations, about politics and economics and how education is broken and all these big ideas, but I think they're all really a roundabout way of saying that you are broken and you don't really know what to do about it. That you don't feel like you're in control of yourself and you're life, and so you'd like to talk about other topics. It's much easier to point at the world. It's a convenient distraction.

Because what are you doing for the world, good sir and/or ma'am, apart from talking about it? Because interestingly, if you look around and pay attention, you might just notice that the people who are doing the most for the world (the scientists doing core research, the technologists building electric cars and interplanetary spacecraft, etc) don't seem to waste much of their time writing commentary pieces about Ariane Grande's ponytail, or what it means that Michelle Obama danced for a few seconds with a turnip. Those are things that we write about when we really have fuckall to say. [1]

Admit it, it's really just an elaborate, intellectually-trumped-up way of talking about the weather, only the world seems less mundane, less arbitrary. It's no different from worrying about "your" sports team, and how they need "your" support. The truth is that your sports team will probably go on fine without you. As will the weather. As will Ariane Grande's ponytail.

Here's what I think we really ought to be talking about, if we're talking at all instead of acting. What do you care about? What makes you upset? What makes you happy? What gets you excited? What gets you anxious and nervous? You have limited resources, how do you use them in a way that you'd actually be most happy with? You've been given this precious gift of consciousness for the briefest of moments- what would you actually like to do with it?

Listen, do you sleep well at night? Do you go to bed going, "Ahh, today was such a nice day"?

If you do, then fuck off, I'm not writing this for you. I hate you, go to hell. If you go to bed edgy and anxious and nervous, thinking, "Man, I ought to have done more today," and you do that over and over again, here's a newsflash- you're probably going to feel that way on your deathbed. And that's going to really fucking suck, and there's nothing you'll be able to do about it then.

Life is one long lazy day if you're lucky, and ideally you want to be able to go to bed at the end of it with a smile on your face. (Or you could off yourself right now. It's entirely up to you. But it's up to you to thoroughly own that decision.) How do we do that? Should we bother? Once upon a time I thought it would make sense to try and find a clever argument for it. An argument for the maximization of your personal utility, potential. But... a lot of that seems really trite now. As I'm sure this will seem in a few days, weeks, months. But right now it's coming hot out of my brain, and so I'm spewing it here. Feel free to judge me for it because I don't give a fuck. In moments like this, I am as alive as I'll ever be.

What do these moments tell me? That there's almost never a point trying to persuade or convince someone of something if they don't first demonstrate an interest in being persuaded. I spent a fuckload of unnecessary time in my teenage days trying to impress people who didn't fucking matter in my life. They're still there, on my Facebook. Bless all of you, may you have beautiful, lovely lifes full of joy and happiness. I genuinely mean that, life is precious.

But like RDJ said, smile and nod and thank people when they give you their input, but ignore it and do whatever the fuck you want to do anyway. Because people don't actually give you feedback because you need it. They give you feedback because THEY need to do it. For themselves.

And yes, that applies to me, too, and to this post. I didn't write this for you, I wrote this for me. [2]

[1] If you pay careful attention without getting sucked in (and that's really hard to do for me- you might have better luck than me, but I advise against it anyway), you'll notice that there's a deep emptiness to most of what gets spread around. Most stuff is bullshit. We're terrified of being honest. There's a massive honesty deficit in the world, and a huge bullshit surplus. We're all guilty of it. I'm guilty of it too. It would be really cool if we could change this, and I'd like to contribute towards that if possible.

One of the problems is that calling out bullshit is a sort of bullshit of its own. The most you can do at any given time, it seems, is to be honest in that moment. Maybe I'll change my mind about this later on, but what counts is that I wrote it while I felt it.

[2] Do what YOU want, motherfuckers. Look at yourself in the eye and ask yourself what makes you happy. What makes your heart sing. Ask yourself who you're trying to impress, and why. What are the assumptions you're making about the social reality that you live in? What is the water that you don't realize that you're swimming in? What are the things that you could change, without you even realizing it? Without you ever having considered? What are the things you do every day, every morning, etc that you don't realize that you could be doing differently?

I can't answer that question for you, but you need to jump onto the landmine called you and blow yourself the fuck up, motherfucker. And by you I mean me. See ya on the other end.

Morning routines

I need a morning routine. It used to be- wake up and go back to sleep repeatedly, then get on my phone and Facebook/Twitter until I cleared all my notifications and then some. Then I'd have a smoke while taking a dump in the toilet. Sometimes if I happened to wake up earlier, I'd put on some morning music (soft acoustic stuff) and smoke at the window. Then I'd shower, get dressed and head to work.

Sometimes I'd do a word vomit on Evernote, but most times I'd feel like I didn't have enough energy and so I'd just go on Facebook or Twitter. Actually that's probably a dishonest answer. I think the truth is that I go on FB or Twitter because I had already gone online earlier in the day, and I would've seen something that I found interesting or compelling or annoying, and I'd want to get back to that. Social media use begets social media use, at least for me. If I want to get writing done I have to set aside time for it, or otherwise see it not-happen.

Motivational Videos (again)

I wrote yesterday about motivational videos (or the day before?). One of my favorites is Dream, and one of my favorite lines is by Les Brown. "The lights are cut off, but you're still looking at your dream, reviewing it everyday and saying 'It's not over until I win!'".

I think that's an idea that has stuck with me. You have to articulate your dream and then you have to review it every day.

Articulate your dream
Review it every day

And the dream has to be something you can reasonably work towards- if it's to build a house, then every day you must lay a brick. Or if you don't have bricks then you must take steps towards acquiring bricks. So on and so forth. The daily review ensures that you're working towards a dream, rather than iterating and improving your castle in the sky.

Flighty Unreliable Brain

I used to rely far too much on my flighty, unreliable brain. There were multiple mini-interventions, and the last one seems to work where the previous ones had failed. Maybe I should sit down and evaluate the distinction. I will eventually at some point. [1] In the meantime, I just need to keep running. I need to see how far this energy can take me.

Breakfast

I need better morning routines. I need to eat a hearty breakfast. There are all sorts of things in the way of that and I need to tackle them one by one. The first thing is that I simply don't have a habit of eating breakfast- or rather that I have a habit of not eating breakfast.

This is bad for my body and bad for my brain, it means that I'm very starved of fuel in some way. Glucose or whatever, I haven't gotten around to properly understanding the finer details. This might be the single most important thing I can do to lead a better life.

The pattern of fixing things- for me, at least- it starts with...

me acknowledging that the status quo is not cool, and that it's holding me back from doing what i want to do
realizing that there exists a hypothetical, achievable alternate state that is more optimal for me. It isn't just better in a "would be nice" way, the way it would be nice to have sixpack abs. It affects my performance as a writer and as an employee of the company that I love. It affects my relationships with other people.
identifying and executing the immediate next steps.

The immediate next steps for me-, right here?

First of all I need go carve out space and time for a hearty breakfast even if I'm not physically ready to have one. (I was a picky eater as a kid, always anxious and slightly nauseous. Mealtimes troubled me, I'd avoid them as long as I could.)

So I'm starting with a glass of water, a glass of chocolate milk, a banana, a granola bar, that sort of thing.

This needs to be my new routine, and I should X effect it the way I did non-smoking.

Having a support partner

I paused at this moment (while writing this) to message my wife to ask her to help me do the X effect. We both quit smoking together, and it's awesome when your best friend commits to a lifestyle change with you. In the optimal future, both me and my wife will wake up early and have a hearty homemade breakfast together. That's what's at stake here, that's what we could have. We could have happier, healthier lives and a happier, healthier marriage.

First we have to believe that it's possible, describe clearly an alternate state where it works, then identify baby steps towards making it happen.

Us having a happy hearty breakfast starts with me making time for a glass of water every day.

Sounds silly, but true! Far sillier actually to make grandiose plans that never come to fruition because we didn't have the skills, the capacity, the bandwidth. We need to make cupcakes before we can make wedding cakes. And sometimes cupcake solutions are all you need!

Thinking about wedding cakes when you haven't baked a cupcake in your life isn't just a cute, quaint distraction, I think. I think it's something that becomes a sort of wishful, wistful escapism. We talk about about a hypothetical future instead of what we could be doing in the present. "I want to bake wedding cakes" is all you need to know. Going into extensive details about the nature of the wedding cakes you will bake is actually counter-productive- as a beginner baker, you don't even really know what is possible or what is important or what is good about the wedding cakes that you would bake.

Focus on the cupcakes.

Focus on the cupcakes. Focus on the cupcakes. Make as many as you can. Make them as quickly as you can. Try them. Give them to others. See what other people think. Get feedback. Make more cupcakes. Wedding cakes are a distraction, really.

As always, this only applies to me. This post is shitty and messy but I don't edit my vomits too much. I need to get to work. TTYL

[1] "Eventually", like tomorrow, is a disease that will take your dreams to the grave with you. No more eventually. My next word vomit- the one that I write on the way home from work later- will be about this distinction.
Behavioral change: What separates successful attempts from unsuccessful attempts?

The answer I most hate is "you have to want it badly enough, it won't happen until you really want it".

It's incredibly vague. It's no different from saying it won't work out until it does, which is a meaningless statement. See also: no true scotsman fallacy.
It's needless ego stroking for people who happen to succeed. It's myth-building. We're supposed to believe that successful people are successful because they're somehow better than the rest of us, they possess superior qualities, they're hungrier, etc. This might be true, I concede. But I think the narrative that we establish makes them seem more superhuman than they actually are. I'm much more partial to ideas like the Mundanity of Excellence- people do well because they do the right things right and they prioritize properly and manage their time and emotions and psychology. This is hard stuff but it's doable. It's not magic.
It makes unsuccessful people feel like shit. I think this is the greatest tragedy of all. People give up on things because they tried and failed a few times. This shouldn't have to be the case. We should all fail forward, over and over again. It's immoral that we don't teach this properly. (Amongst many other things.)

Encourage people to try again

We should be encouraging people who fail. I don't mean celebrate failure as if it were a good, pleasant thing. Failure sucks. But we should encourage people who fail to disassociate the outcome of their efforts from their identities. Failing does not make you a failure. And succeeding does not make you a success, either. Stop labelling people. It's unhealthy shorthand that very quickly runs into issues. If you're a success because you did great things, you then get straitjacketed into needing to succeed again and again. You may never do anything ever again. See Elizabeth Gilbert's TEDtalk on this.

But okay, back to the topic of behavioral change. Let me try and recall the VSIRP system I once sorta memorised. You need Vision, s?, incentives, r? And an action plan. (Oh, S is skills and R is resources.)

I'm not sure what the skills and resources are in this picture, but vision + incentives + plan is definitely crucial. Here's how it played out for me, I think.

Vision

You need to believe and have a vivid mental image of what life is like without cigarettes. You need to get to a point where you really acknowledge not only that cigarettes are doing you damage (every smoker acknowledges this), but that you want to be free from it. And you must really, truly believe that it's possible. A lot of smokers will say that they want to be free, and they mean it, but they don't sincerely believe that it's possible. Or at least, that it's possible anytime soon. You might think that it's possible a year from now, a few years from now, once you've got the rest of your life in order. I wasted a lot of time on this, I smoked far too many sticks unnecessarily because of this. Well- maybe there is some truth to the idea that you have to keep doing it until you're well and truly sick of it.

Jason Mraz helped me quit smoking

For me, it was Jason Mraz that helped me believe it's possible to quit. You see, Jason Mraz used to be a smoker. And he wasn't just someone who smoked on the side- he was a real smoker. He loved smoking so much that he wrote a song about it. And then he quit, he read Allan Carr's Easyway and he quit. And now he's this health junkie dude who drinks fruit shakes and is really happy. And I decided that I could cope with becoming a little bit more like Jason Mraz. I too read Easyway (for the second time), and at the time I still had a pack of Dunhill reds and my wife had a pack of U Kretek menthol, and I smoked those cigarettes as I read the ebook. I would meet my friends the next day- all smokers- and I would smoke with them too, but the whole time I was smoking I had started to realize that it wasn't working for me anymore. The whole thing seemed like an elaborate farce.

Experience and reflect on being in a different environment where people do things differently

I can't talk about quitting without talking about work. Work helped me quit smoking- none of my colleagues smoke. Everybody's fit and healthy and non-smokers. And my boss would chat with me about it, and I tried on his perspective for size- that it must be really frustrating and annoying to have something else control your mind, something make decisions on your behalf.

And that's what cigarettes are. They initially give you a taste of freedom and control in your small world, from your shitty routines and your shitty life, but over time the cigarettes become the new routine. You don't use them as an escape anymore, they're everywhere around you. They ARE you. You are a smoker and you have to live your life according to the cigarettes' rules- according to the cravings.

For some smokers, maybe for all smokers, this is actually quite a bittersweet thing. It's a sort of surrender. You give in to it. You allow it to control you. This I think is symptomatic of broader things. And this is why I always feel a sense of cameraderie with anybody who's a serious/heavy smoker (I define this as a person who's smoked daily for over 5 years).

You especially need a plan for dealing with the inevitable triggers. First list out all the circumstances in which you will normally smoke. Then list out precisely what you will do in those situations. What will you do when you have a craving after a meal? After a meeting? What will you do when an old smoker buddy offers you a cigarette? When you're having drinks and your judgement is impaired?

You need to change your self-perception entirely

But all of that is secondary I think to your central identity and belief system. If you want to change your behavior chances are that you'll need to change your identity too, in some way, to some degree. Sometimes the change is simple, just a refinement of what's already there. Modifying a jogging habit to a gym habit, because you decide that "I want to be fit" is better expressed through lifting weights than through cardiovascular exercise. That's a relatively simple move. Going from being a coach potato to being a person who jogs, however, is a much more dramatic jump. To a much more precise point, too. Which makes you much likelier to fail.

It may be helpful to reduce it to something similar but simpler. Commit to say, walking the stairs for 1 floor. Commit to getting out of the house. Literally, just getting out of the door and maybe walking to the corner store for a bottle of water. Make that a habit. Get these "foot in the door" habits nailed down, and the harder habits come next. Just like in a video game.

Prepare for failure in advance

I didn't have a full set of answers to those questions the first few times I attempted to quit. I simply thought that I'd remind myself that I want to quit, and that I'd improvise my way out of it. (One of the stupidest things I tell myself that I'll do, with one of the highest failure rates.) Improvising is a fool's game, especially when dealing with new and unfamiliar things that are going to be painful and uncomfortable. Quitting smoking is difficult and painful and you need all the bloody help you can get. You shouldn't be thinking of what to do when confronted with a trigger, because giving in is the easiest thing to do. Everything you say afterwards is after-the-fact rationalization.

I got tired and stopped writing. More on this next time, maybe. As a quick recap- you need to believe that it's possible. You need to look for other people who've done it before you, and follow in their lead. You need to latch on to better people. You need to get rid of your old friends, or at least stay away from them for as long as you can, for as much as you can. You need to articulate your problem, and you need to articulate a solution- meaning write that shit down and paste it on your fridge or on your wall. Write it on a piece of paper and keep it in your wallet and look at it everyday. I laughed this stuff off for a long, long time but it really works. It's all about priming. We get primed by advertising and Facebook and all sorts of things every minute of every day of our lives anyway, so it's not like it doesn't work. There's no reason why we can't use it to improve ourselves, to prime ourselves with things that WE want to hear, that WE want to be reminded of.

You can do it

Whatever it is that you're going through, you can overcome it. You can be rid of it. You can be free of it. You are immense, you are more than everything that you think you are. You are more than your habits, because you can discard them. You are more than your failures and your successes and all of that stuff. You can be almost anything you want to be. But the challenge is to be clear about where you want to go, and then to be even clearer about where you are, and MOST OF ALL, to be CLEAREST about what's the single next step you should take. I believe in you, and I'm right here.
There's a cute comic somewhere of a dog that's being all aggressively posturing at a bigger dog ("Let me at 'em! Let me at 'em!"), but is being held back by a leash. The human then drops the leash, unrestraining the dog and giving him what he wants. The dog is startled, and quickly returns the leash to the human before it continues with the bravado. Here we go:

I think I'm largely guilty of the same thing. I think a lot of us are. We claim that our limitations keep us from doing more, from taking action. But we don't do very much about removing those limitations, do we? And sometimes, in brief moments when the limitations might momentarily disappear, we quietly pretend not to notice. Or better still, we avoid noticing altogether. We don't pay attention to the actual presence of the limitations- we just assume that they're always there.

If only I studied I would do well. If only I worked hard I would be successful. I used the approval of people around me as a barometer for my life, and the dangerous or scary thing is that the easiest way to score highly on that barometer is to surround yourself with people who are easily impressed. I think I wasted quite a few years of my life on that. At least I learned from it. I'd like to think that something about it still bothered me. I think it was the disconnect with external reality, with the rest of reality. If we're really as smart and clever and impressive as we convince ourselves we are, why aren't we running the world? Why aren't we making great strides, why aren't we all major writers and thinkers? Could it be that we're all bullshitting ourselves?

I have friends who depend on me as an enabler

I had a scary realisation recently- that some of my friends used me as validation for their own procrastination. I think a lot of high-volume Facebook users do this. We're all complicit in it together. The intellectual arguments and point accumulation. It's probably the 2nd most compelling game in existence, and it's much easier to start. Much easier to get comfortable with.

Every smoker has a network of smoker friends that keeps her smoking. Every late night Facebook user feels less bad about wasting his time at 3 am in the morning because he sees those green lights in the sidebar. He's not alone. There are others. (Some of them are on the other side of the globe, but still.)

I have old friends whom I love dearly but struggle to hold a conversation with. Our ships were in the same harbour briefly, but we have sailed our separate ways. Modern communication systems- Facebook, Twitter etc means that you never really lose contact with anybody. (Unless one of you blocks the other, but even then you can infer a lot from your mutual friends.)

Acquaintances come and go- old classmates, neighbours, etc. Losing those people isn't a big deal, you never really 'had' them in the first place. You coexisted but you were never really a part of each other's inner lives, you never invited each other into your private mental, emotional, psychological spaces. You didn't share your dreams and fears and neuroses with them, nor they with you. You are passers-by.

With old friends though, it is different. You have some awareness of each other's interiority. You know that A's ex-girlfriend was incredibly clingy, and the one before that was into some really kinky stuff. You've had dinner with B's parents, and they are some really sweet old folks. Though a little weird. C and D were there for you when you were going through a really rough time. E secretly holds some really bigoted opinions. And so on. You know things about each other that the rest of the world might not.

And yet you are no longer a part of each other's lives. You are no longer helpful to each other. You may even have become toxic and damaging to each other- and only to each other! Even though the good times were better than with anybody else, there's simply too much bad blood. Too much flakiness, too many broken promises and rough times and lost tempers. It's hard to rebuild that sort of thing with all that mess. Life is short and there are 7 billion people out there. It might be rational and optimal to both seek out lives amongst others that you have a greater inclination for.

Repaying old debts

I think it's important to repay old debts. I know what it's like to feel deeply guilty in a way that goes beyond the conscious. It's hard to cut and run from past obligations. They'll haunt you- they haunt me. I'm only recently beginning to realize how unhealthy and damaging this has been for me. It's like living a distance away from a war zone, or living with incredible noise and light pollution. It just holds the brain down and grates on it. I want to be free from it just as I am now free from smoking.

To make this happen I have to focus on the actionables. I spent years writing about this sort of thing, and what it gave me was a language for thinking about it, a familiarity with the landscape and the things that happen on it. It allows me to make more informed decisions, but on hindsight I'd have gotten a lot more information from acting rather than pontificating. Oh well; what's done is done. I can't go back in time, but I can do better moving forward.

I think I should start with my work. I need to give 100% to my work and systematically get shit done, to a greater degree than I have previously attempted, with an attitude and conviction that I have not previously been able to sustain. I have to start without distractions and keep it that way.

What's different? I think in the past I secretly always thought that all of it was a charade I had to maintain until people got off my back. It was like claiming to quit smoking, but smoking in secret. I used to do that in my earlier attempts. Why? Probably because I was more concerned with persuading other people than actually delivering on a promise I made to myself. Exercising to look good rather than to feel good. Doing work because it's work worth doing, because it's in pursuit of the interesting and compelling, not because I want to impress anybody in particular.

"I'll achieve so much more if I wasn't held back" is an exercise in myth-building, narrativistic bullshit performance. The real question we should be asking is, "So what's holding me back, and what do I need to do to remove those restraints so that I can operate with more power?"

In any given instance, I may be in one of two broadly defined states: let's temporarily call them wet and dry. There are almost definitely many other sub-states within these two states, but wet vs dry will do for what I'm talking about.

When 'wet', I have almost fully-formed thoughts that I'm eager and ready to express. Everything is well lubricated. If I need to look for an idea, I simply need to reach out to grab it. Sometimes, I get a little too slippery and everything just slips and slides around without really going anywhere.

When dry, I have nothing. I may have tonnes of raw material at the back of my mind, but it's too vast, too solid, too vague, too cluttered and messy for me to make any meaning of. Things are painful. There's a lot of friction, and the stuff that comes out usually isn't that great either. There's no soul.
The processing of raw idea-materals
Yes, that's it. Writing is like trying to express thoughts through a nozzle. The problem is that thoughts come in many different forms, most of which are too bulky, solid or viscous to go through a nozzle. The thinker's job is to break down these raw idea-materials into thoughts that are manageable, digestible, communicable.

Some of this happens naturally, subconsciously. The mind mulls over these raw idea-materials. It applies a kind of acid to them. In the early stages, it simply struggles to accommodate it. To attempt to grasp the size, scale and quantity of things. This is when you get mindblown by scale and you're forced to upgrade your mental schemata just to take everything.

But that's just the beginning. After that you probably want to make sense of it- What does it mean for you in the context of your Lifegame? You take things apart, put them together, flip then around, rearrange them, remix them. Eventually you figure out configurations that please and satisfy you, and you figure out a way to express it in a way that's useful to you.

So that loosely describes most creative work, I think, and at the very least it describes my struggle to do word vomits. The interesting thing about the word vomits is that I don't have a specific agenda- I just want to play with thoughts and ideas and express it all through a million words. This has led to some strange situations- sometimes I run out of things to say.
Writer's block can be caused by many things
Ah, I'm addressing writer's block. It's an oversimplistic term that implies that writers either write or they do not. It focuses on just the final stage of the process. Are you writing? If you are, good. If you're not, why? You must be blocked. Why are you blocked? What can you do to get unblocked?

So anyway. Sometimes I have working material to put through the nozzle. Sometimes I don't. Sometimes I run out of the raw material. I used to think that the solution to that is to just keep practicing, to keep writing even when you're dry. Eventually you'll squeeze something out, and maybe you'll get renergised by the process and find that you actually had an entire unused stash of reserve energy and raw material. Sometimes this works- when you know you haven't been writing.

A workout analogy- if you come home from work and you don't feel like running or hitting the gym, often you'll find that showing up at the gym anyway is enough to give you enough energy to work out- and in fact the workout will energise you overall and you'll feel better. But this advice doesn't work if you've been working out really hard every day already. Pushing yourself harder when you're already spent doesn't yield very much. In fact it can damage or injure you in some way, or at least leave a really bad taste in your mouth. Maybe you need a healthier diet, maybe you need more sleep, maybe you need to rest while your muscle tissues heal and regenerate.

Perfect form is good to have, but it isn't always the critical factor. Similarly, if you get stuck when writing, the problem might be that you're "not warmed up", sure. But you might also be overheated. You might also be empty, dry, spent.

I spent quite a bit of my time trying to force myself to do word vomits every day. Sometimes it yielded good stuff, but sometimes it really didn't, and I would feel guilty and bad for not having written. On hindsight though, I had just said everything that I had to say at that point in time. I should put down the nozzle and go and sit by the glacier. And if I sit and listen- or maybe walk around it, inspect it, even bring a friend around it- I may find that a huge chunk of it breaks right off. And there we have our new material.
All of this is recursive
This is going to get a little meta: I couldn't finish this vomit while I was writing it. It was tentative. I was just trying on the lens, trying to wrap my head around the idea to see if it worked. I think it does. I think writing is just the final stage of a much larger process of making sense of reality. You need to make observations. You need to pay attention. You need to have hypotheses and ideas about how things work. Paul Graham recently tweeted that you can't just be an expert in X to be a great teacher of X. You need to also be an expert in all the ways people fail at X. I think that's really important and useful to meditate on. That there's two parts to meaningful, skillful expertise. Being good at writing when everything is going great doesn't mean you'll be a great writer. You might write one or two great pieces but they might be flukes. The real challenge I think is to have and maintain a process over an extended period of time, ideally your whole life. How do you write in the bad times?

That's the rub.

Founder market fit is something that precedes product market fit. The founder has to disregard ideas and acquire assets.

What is the space that I'd like to work in? Or what is the space that I should be working in, that I'm uniquely qualified to work in?  For me, the market is productivity/procrastination. I don't have a clear solution yet. I don't even have a super clear description of the problem yet.  (I guess that will be my first challenge). But before that I can tell you why this matters to me. (Which reminds me, somebody did once describe me on Hacker News as having the unique gift of understanding well and being able to describe it well, too.)

I don't think anybody is solving the problem the way it ought to be solved. I think other people relate to this, which is why my blogpost "productivity should be about lighting fires" went as viral as it did. I don't think many people care about this as much as I do. I don't think people who make these apps and systems suffer from my affliction as badly as I do. I have yet to encounter a self-help guru type who has an origin story similar to mine, yet I know that there are hundreds of thousands of kids (Reddit, Tumblr) who suffer from similar conditions.

Why do I care? When I was a kid I did really well without putting in any effort. This always seems like a brag but it's not- it's a curse that turns you into a procrastinating underachiever. I did well because I had read broadly. This got me into the gifted education program but it also got me repeating a year in junior college. I never learned to focus my energies. I was used to being told that I was a whiz kid who just needed to apply himself, to work harder... I was just lazy, some of my teachers said.

The term lazy fills me with rage today because it is such a copout. At the time of writing I have written over 700 blogposts on visakanv.com. I've done over 120 word vomits, which means 120,000 words of purely voluntary writing. I've written tens of posts on poached magazine and fever avenue and campus magazine.

When I played in a band I personally friended over 1000 people on MySpace and maintained regular relationships with many of them. I played almost 100 shows, mostly unpaid. I was never super rigorous or deliberate in my practice but I did teach myself music to some degree. I read hundreds if not thousands of books.

I remember researching and downloading multiple gamefaqs. I wrote two faqs myself for street fighter ex2, ensuring that every paragraph was justified- through my word choices! I built a personal website from scratch and I participated in hundreds if not thousands of Internet arguments. I'm Quora top writer 2 years in a row, with over 800 answers.

So no, I don't think I'm "lazy". I think that's a stupid copout term we use to say "I don't know or understand this person's pattern of behaviour".

Laziness as Work Aversion
 
Etmyonline says that lazy means "averse to work". I think aversion to work is a much better term to use than lazy, because it's describes reality without labelling it as much. "Why are you so averse to work" is a much more interesting and answerable question than "why are you so lazy".

So why was I so averse to work? We like to describe this condition as though it's a failing of the individual, as if it were a moral defect or character flaw of some sort. This makes it harder to fix the problem. I prefer to think of it as something more akin to a malaise, or even a mental condition- and no, I do not think medication is the solution except in incredibly extreme cases. Venkatesh wrote a blogpost about well - adjustedness vs arrested development. Groups of people, or "society" primarily cares that you're well-adjusted. This is why they ask you to be yourself and then they judge you, and why "first they laugh at you then they fight you then you win", etc etc.

Lincoln was Lazy

Lincoln was lazy and maladjusted, depressed. Groups of people don't care about you. They care about their own self - interest. They might claim to care about you, and there be some overlap between its interests and yours, but as a general rule, if society could suck the life out of you, it would. And it does. It's unlikely to actually throw you under a bus, because that's too direct and undermines it's overt claim that "we're all in this together". But civilization is thin and fragile, and man's underlying ruthless animality reveals itself in times of hardship and crisis. Civility is the charade of the privileged.

Anyway. Aversion to work.

I think this is a function of  perceived payoffs and penalties. Not actual payoffs and penalties, but perceived. A lazy person systematically overestimates the payoff of immediate gratification and underestimates the compounded payoff of delayed gratification. (Similarly, she may also overestimate the pain or cost of taking steps towards something- getting out of bed, leaving home for the gym, doing homework), and in the short run underestimate how bad it's going to be when the shit hits the fan (failing out of school, lung cancer, etc).

Even this isn't the full picture. When I was in school I didn't really care if I failed. I was convinced that I'd find a way to survive. I'd work as banquet staff at a hotel, which I did for a while and enjoyed. I enjoyed working at the singapore air show- the hours were long, but the work somehow felt important, relevant, fulfilling.

I don't want to go through life being a victim. But I do recognize that I inherited some really toxic stuff from my earlier life. I don't hate discipline, I just hate when I'm forced to be disciplined about things that don't make sense to me. Stuff like that. I have been spending time and energy trying to unlearn all of these toxic habits, all these weird, strange issues that I have that I have allowed to stay with me.
2: As pointed out in everything is a remix, most if not all artists begin by doing derivative work. You need to learn the language of your domain before you can communicate more interesting and complex thoughts. This reminds me of my experience learning guitar. Learning chords and scales and practicing basics makes learning guitar solos way easier than if you try to do them from scratch.

3: Michelangelo didn't try to develop an original style, he just tried to make good art. He couldn't help but be Michelangelo. So aim to make good art. Don't bother trying to capture your "essence" or your style or whatever you call it- it reveals itself as the things you can't really help doing when you're doing great work. Aim to be prolific instead.

4: physical, biological life could also be described as remixed. There's a process of iteration and selection. There's a sense of development, even if there's no such thing as development. A bull or a cat is somehow more interesting than a fly, even though both are equally valid expressions of reality. People with skills are more interesting and attractive than people without.

5: Every single thing that we can do- touch our nose with a finger, have a conversation using the spoken language- everything is a skill developed through practice. Paraphrased from: Mastery?
Remix as much as possible
When I put all of this together while ruminating on the central question of Lifegame- how should I spend my life while I still have it- I realize that I should be creating and remixing as much as possible.

This isn't a new thought. But I somehow feel more compelled to do it. If you want to experience maximum richness, you have to be remixing intensively. Be it piano or words. You can compound your learning, so you might as well.
Make things accessible
Something I'm learning from work and from just... having written so much, is that if you care about things spreading as far and wide you have to make them as accessible as possible.

You have to get people's attention from the start, with a good headline in writing, or a good question or statement in a conversation. You have to set up every point and insight, as far as possible, in a way that's compelling and worth passing on. I have inadvertently done it before in the past with some of my angry writing about Singaporean politics, but even then it wasn't done very cleverly, deliberately. The point is almost always to provide other people with tools that they can then use for their own purposes. Create and provide samples that they can use in their own mixes.

Word vomits aren't super conducive to this. They're too bulky and disorganised. The point of a word vomit is to "run fat"- to take big messy bucket of mind-lego and pour it onto the floor and see what you can put together. You don't really know what you want or what you're going to get until you're at least midway through it, and even then it might be just a primitive, clunky Mach 1 prototype of what you want.

But in the long run, I think once I'm done with all my word vomits, I'm going to focus on reducing all that fat into the simplest, most accessible things I can. I might try to capture everything in aphorisms. Or maybe something in the middle. Maybe I'll do something like "3 paragraphs", or "10 sentences". I don't know yet. I'll probably change my mind about this dramatically as I go forward, so there's almost no point whatsoever in speculating here.
Checkpoints and milestones along the vomits
One of the things my boss talks about is 'calibrating expectations'- how everything you're interested in or set out to do is vague to a degree you do not realize until you make it precise. When you start on a project, you need to know that you don't know what you don't know. You need to know that you will likely be very wrong about what the intent and purpose of the project is, and you're going to have to recalibrate that. (One of the important/useful things to do is to seek out people who've already done it, and ask them what you're missing or overlooking. I find myself wondering now what prolific writers have learned from the act of writing excessively. But I'm also fairly certain that there's no significant downside, so I'm almost eager to be surprised.)

I think one of the things I definitely hadn't anticipated with high-resolution (meaning I had a vague idea that this would happen, but I'm finally experiencing it for real now) is that I would run into administrative/bookkeeping type problems. I've always been a shitty bookkeeper. My approach to anything is to take a random walk. This is highly unsystematic. It has some benefits- I tend to be wittier, quicker on my feet, likelier to discard assumptions to try new things, etc, but I'm also less likely to get very far with anything. Especially things that require rigorous attention.

So I think as I get better at doing word vomits, and as I do more of them, I'm going to learn the virtue of being systematic and consistent. I don't do it for most things because I can't be arsed to, because it doesn't really matter to me whether I do things properly or not. But writing, that's something I'd like to see done properly. Writing should be good. And for writing to be good, the writer doing the writing has to develop a system around it. There's no other way around it. Every great writer was prolific. And to do great writing that inspires people, you need to have discipline.
I was about to write "I used to think that developing discipline would cramp my improvisational style", but then I had to stop myself. I took a dive recently through my old blogposts in 2007, and they revealed that that actually isn't true. I've actually always been writing about how I think I ought to be more disciplined.

Why is that? Why do I keep writing about how I ought to be more discplined, yet never get around to actually being discplined?

The pragmatic, realist answer (which is a little unkind, but valid and important) is that I don't actually care about discipline at all. I just want to talk about it. It's far less effort to talk about discipline than to actually buckle up and get around to doing it.

I think there's truth in that, but I think it's a little more complicated than that, too. If I really didn't care about discipline at all, I should've made my peace with it and just said fuck it, this is who I am, this is how I'm going to spend my life and I'm fine with that. And I've tried that on for a while. That didn't sit easy with me either. I know that you can't achieve greatness by bumming around, and I know that I want to do great things in my life. Just for the fun of it, just out of curiosity. Not so much to "prove things to people", but more... to experience greater and more beautiful and interesting interpretations of reality.
searching in the light when you lost it in the dark
So why not develop discipline after talking about it so much, if it wasn't purely fiction? I think most of it was that I just didn't really know how to start. So writing about "how I used to think" is a familiar point to return to and circle around, like a drunk looking for his keys under the streetlight even though he lost his keys in the dark. I return over and over again to what I know. I regroup after being slightly lost. I start over at the starting point. I'm really, really good at starting over, it seems.

Re: learning discipline. I couldn't follow instructions in the abstract, and I couldn't follow instructions to do something that didn't deeply feel important or meaningful to me. If I am to develop discipline, I think, it can only be in service of goals that deeply move me.

And these can't just be nice-sounding goals, like "oh, let's get disciplined and study hard and get a degree so that i can make lots of money"- I don't give a shit about money, I can synthesize happiness without it. It's far easier to synthesize happiness than to work towards material things that would make me happy.
So why bother then?
Why not just sit on my ass and synthesize happiness all day? Because I've tried that, and it's not enough for me. It doesn't work well for me. I have to bother because there are times where I am pained, disgusted and frustrated by injustice, or by my own inability to do anything about a situation. This is exercabated by the fact that I'm short-sighted with regards to time- if something really upsets and bothers me, I tend to rationalize it away very quickly. And then I get upset and bothered again the next time that happens. And this happens over and over again. It's a kind of super-mild Alzhiemers, almost. (I hope that's not insulting or demeaning...) Or some sort of groundhog day. I go through the same thing over and over. Eventually the pattern becomes undeniable, untenable, and just ugly. I don't want to feel that way anymore. I don't want to be that way into my late 20s, into my 30s. 24 is old enough.

I can synthesize happiness for most things and deal with most nonsense... but I guess it doesn't work when other people enter the equation. I can't synthesize happiness for other people. I can delude myself, but I can't delude other people. One shitty solution is to surround yourself with other delusional people (I think this is what alcoholics do, too? and smokers)- you 'fix' the problem by entering an environment where it's no longer a problem. Which would be fine, if it didn't have long-term health repercussions, if it didn't limit you in some other way that you'd like to express yourself.

What do I really care about? What do I want to do that deeply moves me?
I want to help smart, talented people (who don't believe in themselves) do great work.
Because they're everywhere around me. I've had this conversation with many, many people over the years. I joke that we're neither eagles nor pigeons. We're like, the middle child of the developed world. But I realize I can't give them confidence by talking to them. I have to demonstrate by example that it's possible. And even then I won't get all of them. But I want to try. I want to inspire my wife. I want to inspire my friends. I want to inspire my colleagues. I want to see what we're capable of.

I want to see more beautiful art in the world, or to flip that on its head, I don't want to die without seeing the amazing work that I know my wife and some of my friends and millions of people around the world are capable of. All we have is this brief moment, and then it's all gone. Let's have some fun while we're here. Let's make something beautiful and amazing while we're here. Life is one big trip. If the trip's not working out, we just need to change the set and the setting, and focus on different things... we can get more out of it. And we ought to. &lt;3

Needs more details but I'm tired and we're over 1100 words... will followup in the next one, maybe.

[1] This reminds me a lot of my talk about studying, my talk about work, and my talk about smoking, most of all. I used to talk about quitting smoking, yet I didn't quit. I kept smoking. And I'd write blogposts about what cigarettes taught me, and I'd write about how much I enjoyed cigarettes... and yet I'd also write about how I wish I could quit, how much money I was going to save, what a great plan it was to quit smoking. I finally stopped about 16 weeks ago. Over 110 days smoke-free. Can I do the same for discipline? I believe I can. I just need, theoretically speaking, another Jason Mraz + Easyway instance. Maybe? We'll see. I'll just keep that in mind.
What have I learnt?

I’m really bad at relationships. I like to think that I’ve gotten better, but I haven’t gotten better nearly as much as I ought to, in a way that matters.
The main reason me and my wife have been together for as long as we have is that we’re both really stubborn and we refuse to let our relationship fail- there are some people who would be very happy to go “I told you so” if our relationship fails, and we’re not having any of that.
Hate the same things. It’s okay to not like the same things. What actually matters is that you hate the same things. There is a certain lasting comfort and solace in the arms of a person who hates the same things that you do.
It’s about cooperation more than anything else. Can’t remember who said that- it might have been some actress in a movie- but it rings true for me. A marriage is a partnership. The whole ‘love’ thing is nice to have, and something that you can re-create over and over again. Couples that last know how to do this. I highly recommend Esther Perel’s “Desire in long-term relationships” talk. That’s some real shit.

What I've learnt from playing in a band
Playing in bands is actually really fun, really pleasurable. It can be a bit messy and challenging, but when you get it right it’s really lovely. I haven’t done it in too long. I should do it again soon. Maybe I should really bring my guitars to work. I should probably do that. Yes.
Sleep experiments
Sometimes I like it when I’m awake really, really late at night. I remember enjoying those late night cigarettes. The world would seem quiet and wistful and silent, and it was all mine. Those are things I will remember on my deathbed. I will also remember what it was like to be in an office playing music, I will remember what it was like to be in a security room for the Singapore Air Show, I will remember my route march in NS, I will remember my first kiss when I was in a library in Tampines, how excited and edgy I felt- I remember thinking wow, this is what adults know that kids don’t, this is what growing up is about.

I love waking up really early in the morning. It feels like you start before the world does. I managed to pull this off for a couple of days, and it felt really good. Wake early, sleep early. I think a part of my brain almost feels like I don’t deserve to do that.
Learning to draw
I’m so jealous and impressed by people who are amazing at drawing. And I suppose by people who are amazing at music, too. But I used to think about it in this really… (I want to say “American”, or “Asian”) competitive, possessive way. I want to have those skills. I want to impress people. I want to be powerful and amazing and rich and all of that.

It makes a lot more sense to focus on expressing yourself. Mastering yourself. Drawing and playing music aren’t ways to impress people (though they can be impressive), they’re ways of exploring reality. Ways of making sense of reality. Ways of mapping and modelling reality. And you get good at it to paint a richer picture of reality so that you can understand and appreciate it better.

Maybe not everybody else feels the same way. There are some more straightforward utilities to art- like playing music to club to, to lose yourself to. But even that I’d say is a kind of mapping of the reality of our own primal, tribal desires.

I used to want to draw to impress people. Now I want to draw because I think sometimes it might be the most succinct way of communicating a concept, and I want to communicate useful, effective concepts in the most effective way possible. Because we need to do that if we’re going to expand the consciousness of the species, and if we’re going to go to space, become multi planetary, etc.
Facebook shenenigans
Facebook is an amazing utility that adds a lot of value to my life, and to everybody else’s too. We tend to take the good stuff for granted and focus on the bad. I think it’s okay to focus on the bad so we can mitigate it, but it’s healthy to also think about the benefits. The optimal outcome is to get as much good and as little bad as possible.

The scariest thing about Facebook is that your profile co-creates you just as much as you create your profile. You start taking photos and going to places etc just so you can have specific profile pictures and cover photos. It’s all one big game of identity performance and it can be rather exhausting.

I think it’s pretty sad that people spend so much time arguing on Facebook. I think worrying about what happens on Facebook is a horrible way to live. I think we should all sit our friends down and agree once and for all that anything that happens on Facebook isn’t particularly serious, that we’re all prone to missteps and misunderstanding, and that nobody really changes their mind about anything on Facebook. We should instead use Facebook as a utility for private conversations via PM. The best things that have happened to me on Facebook all happened via PM.
Being in debt
I was in debt for a while. It was one of the worst experiences of my life. This was despite the fact that the person I owed money to was an understanding friend who could afford to lose the money.
Starting a business
I already wrote an entrepreneurship rant that covers most of what I’d like to say about it. In a nutshell, don’t take stupid risks. Take the tiniest little risks you can, things with little to no downside but some unknown upside. Spend as little money as possible, as little time as possible, and expose your work to as many people as possible. Iterate as much as possible. Have a common understanding about what you want out of it, and discuss it together.

So n_n was my cupcake, maybe. I decided to keep it simple. I used that as the name because I didn’t want it to be pretentious. I had previously been invited to a group called “Rise Above The Bourgeoisie” and I was so frustrated with the way that group was managed that I wanted to start my own group to see how it ought to be done.

I made a few mistakes. My house rules very very simple- just be nice, respect each other, listen to each other, etc. On hindsight there are more things you should add, like insisting that people share their own opinions, perspectives and interpretations before they post a link. Because otherwise people just post a whole bunch of links and expect engagement to be handed to them. Newsflash: Engagement is fucking hard, and you need to earn it through reciprocity.

You need to start the group really small and grow it slowly and organically. You should talk to a whole bunch of people about the idea of the group before you even start the group, and then you should pick maybe 1-2 people who really share your vision and start the group with just the few of you. Then you need to have real, honest conversations in the group. You need to eat your own dogfood- meaning you need to use the medium of the group to have real, honest and serious conversations. People are better at sniffing out ‘authenticity’ that we realise, as performers and creators. We recognise it when we’re in the audience, but not so much when we’re on stage. If you spill your actual guts, people will come and watch.

So yes, have real conversations in your group. Don’t hold things back. If your group is a place that you need to hold things back from, people will sense that it’s a little fake. Don’t do the overbearing overwhelming oversharing stuff either. That can be intimidating. Don’t write epic walls of text. Instead just describe your reality in the simplest and most straightforward terms you can, and ask genuine questions. Ask people for input. Ask people for their thoughts. Then genuinely listen, genuinely read and give real feedback. Keep this going and eventually you have this nice virtuous cycle that other people will be happy to plug into. This is what Quora must have been like in the early days when it was relatively small- when it was, in fact, just the Quora employees.

Over time you may notice things like people getting into intense, emotional arguments. I’m still not 100% sure how to deal with that, but I think one of the best ways to do it is to “take it outside”. By that I mean to take it into PMs, or to meet in person to talk it out. There’s this really unhealthy thing that happens on Facebook walls that’s very performative. People become less concerned with understanding each other and more interested in winning over the audience. Once this happens, things get polarised, people grow to hate each other, things start falling apart and get ugly. The earliest first principle should be that we’re all here to learn from each other, and nobody should reward anybody else for trying to “win”.
Working with kids
I love kids, because they’re so fresh, young, full of potential. Relatively, at least. They haven’t been ruined by failure and the bullshit negative self-talk that we spread throughout our culture. Look at kids happily revealing their ages and talking about what it means to run or fight like a girl, for instance. Kids give you hope because they don’t immediately inherit the bullshit that we’re already swimming in.

I’m more passionate about empowering children-educators than I am about educating children directly myself. I’m sure there are people better with kids than I am, more passionate about kids than I am.
- Impossibility of Replacing A Person
I used to think that there wasn’t much point in me doing anything at all because other people will do it better. But your life has meaning. Nobody else has your utterly unique set of perspectives and experiences. Yes, you’ll tend to fall into certain broad categories, there will be others like you. There are 7 billion people. Is it possible for every single person to be unique? I think yes, actually, but few people develop to that stage. So we have teeming seas of similar people. But while they might be moved by the same things, I do truly believe that if all of them were artists (and we’re all artists in our own ways- some art is expressed in a very physical, visible space while some is less tangible).
- Dead Poets vs. Dangerous minds
Interesting that I sat down to note the comparison. They’re both about teachers who inspire students. In both cases, the teachers fail to some degree before succeeding. The teachers are slightly rebellious, and they feed these narratives we want to believe in- that a single solitary individual can kick off broader system change just by exuding, exemplifying freedom.

The difference is, of course, socioeconomic status. Dead poets was about upper-class or upper-middle-class white boys, while dangerous minds was about black and brown inner-city kids. I'm sure there are more interesting similarities and nuances to dig up, but I'm writing this from memory.
Hustle, create value. Tina Sellig's view of Entrepreneurship
Paul Graham recently wrote something that captures my thoughts about this. You need to make something people want. Identify what people want and provide it. Everything else is secondary. If nothing else, make stuff that YOU want, because chances are that if you want something, somebody else would too.

I’d like to create more value, faster. I find myself quickly falling into the trap of living paycheck to paycheck, allowing busywork to pile up so that I don’t have much free time. If I don’t have free time, I don’t need to be doing the important work that might fail, that might not work out. So there’s a certain escapism that I live under. What I really ought to be doing is applying entrepreneurial thinking (which I idolised so much when I was a student/NSF!) to my real life. I need to apply it to my work, which is so fertile and rich for Kaizen/systemic improvement.
Philosophical Dilemmas
I have a book called Philosophical Dilemmas and I once wanted to write essays, thoughts and commentaries about all of those things. I have since sort of lost interest in that sort of thing. I trust in myself to reasonably be able to have thoughtful, consistent positions on those things with a little bit of effort. What is far more interesting and challenging is for me to get stuff done. I suppose in this case we have a bit of a self-reference loop. I said I wanted to write these essays. I suppose I should quickly write them anyway. Just to get them out. And then I can check the box and eliminate it.
Smoking corners
I stopped smoking about 11 weeks ago at the time of this writing, but this is still something that is interesting and important to me. I think that we need more designated smoking areas. I think that designated smoking areas will help to reduce the problem of second-hand smoke by containing cigarette smoke to specific regions.

A part of me has always wanted to read Crime and Punishment- I once read a passage from it cited elsewhere that I found riveting. But the book itself is just such an epic that I find myself thinking "I will read it when I am ready for such an epic quest." But that's bullshit, nobody is ever ready for an epic quest. Nobody ever was. You're never ready to build a house, to climb a mountain, to eat an elephant. You start small and you start yesterday.

And so I read. And so I write. And so it goes.

Anyway, I'm really enjoying Notes From Underground. It's barely 150 pages, a light and breezy read about this somewhat neurotic person writing to deal with the absurdity of existence. I find myself laughing out loud as I witness him describing silly things that I've done.

I wonder what I'd have thought of this book as a depressed existential teenager- it would probably have become my little anthem, psychological solidarity I had with this weird Russian author from the 1700s. I would've felt less lonely, but I might also have fallen into the trap of hero worship. Who knows.

When I'm reading it now though, I smile. I want to kiss him and give him a hug and tell him that I understand, and at the same time, be the friend that tells him that digging into the depths of the abyss is no different from scratching an itch until it bleeds. And this is what a lot of these psychoanalyzing authors seemed to have done- they dug deeper and deeper and then they became the dig. It is unsurprising that so many of them turned to drink, to drugs, to suicide.

Contemplation has to lead to action in real life, else the outer world that we live in becomes unbearable in comparison to the elaborate cathedrals and dungeons we construct in our minds.
mental health for creatives
Writers and artists etc really ought to take care of their mental health.  They ought to exercise, especially. A herculean demand on the mind requires a resilient physical ecosystem to accomodate the pressure, or else the odds of implosion are simply too high. (Elizabeth Gilbert's thoughts on this are great.) This is self-evident to me right now. I'm not sure if I'll think differently about it.

Should artists suffer for their art? I think there's enough suffering in the world to go around without us actively (or consciously-passively) creating our own. Our lives are our canvas, and we can and should seek to affirm and enrich the lives of others, if only so we get to see them flourish and create art of their own. It makes for a more interesting world. Life is brief, it should at least be fun and Interesting, and It doesn't need to be damaging/toxic while we're at it.

I can remember my old thoughts as a smoker- life itself is toxic, what does it matter if I choose to poison myself further? In fact, fuck existence for this cosmic joke. If we're headed off the cliff anyway, then I want to be in the driver's seat.

What has changed? I'm still aware that we're headed off the cliff and that everything is pointless in the ultimate, absolute sense. So why bother building anything?
The idea is to have the most pleasurable time possible before we hurtle to our inevitable deaths.
And this pleasure should be as rich and glorious as possible. The thing about cigarettes and cynicism and self-flagellation of any kind is that it doesn't actually increase your freedom over the duration of your Lifegame.

Cigarettes are a great case study. When you first start smoking when you're still too young to buy your own cigarettes, cigarettes are naughty and exciting. They allow you to escape from crushing reality, to carve out your own little spaces on your own terms. All of this is a temporary illusion though. Eventually cigarettes become a crushing reality by itself. What started as pleasure becomes an obligation, a routine. It holds your mind hostage, and it abuses your health the whole time- you never quite notice it moment by moment, but your vision gets blurrier from the smoke and squinting, your skin and lips and mouth dry out, you just become this inorganic, deathly husk. All because you thought it was fun and exciting and not that big a deal.
Repeated re-evaluation
I guess it's really important to reevaluate eveeything in your life every month. The first or last of every month ought to be reevaluate-your-life day. What are my assumptions? What can I change?

Heh, stopped writing at the above line, and am continuing now as a second write- and it occurs to me that I've said this whole "reevaluate your life" thing repeatedly. I suppose I repeat myself over and over when there's something I really want to do that I haven't gotten around to doing yet. The repetition is me keeping the idea top-of-mind, me knowing that if I don't remind myself of something it'll almost definitely fade out. So that's interesting. I'm definitely going to do a re-read of my vomits and extract out the things that I said I should do, and follow my own advice.

There's a good chance I'm going to say this again and again until I finally do it. Maybe there's something important/valuable about the repetition. I think some songwriters have said- if you can't remember the melody, it probably wasn't very good. Maybe it's the same with these things, and maybe that's why oscillating between states is such a necessity. Just as how rebelliousness in the teenage years is good for people, so that they don't get stuck in dogma (entirely), perhaps forgetfulness and a tendency to repeat oneself is healthy because it always you to focus on what's important.

Maybe. We'll see. All that matters to me right now is that I be proflic. Let's go.
I've been smoke free for over 15 to 16 weeks now. I'm not sure of the exact date anymore. I no longer get cravings just by walking past smokers or looking at smokers. The past couple of days I've recognized it as "nice smoking weather", but the part of me that doesn't want to smoke is now stronger, I'd say, than the part of me that thinks "would be nice".

I'm not actually sure how to think about this. The common narrative is "I finally wanted it badly enough", or "I'm a better person now", or "I am stronger now", etc. But all of those things don't quite seem right. The truth is I have no particular idea why this latest attempt at smoking cessation is more successful than the previous attempts. And this suggests that whatever happened, it happened subconsciously. Because consciously I'm doing the same things. It's that my subconscious (it seems) has decided for some reason or another that it's not worth fighting anymore.

I'm not sure where the statistic comes from- a quick Google suggests it might have been a Dr. Bruce Lipton from Stanford who said it– this idea that 95% of who we are, what we do, etc are driven by the subconscious mind. This was an idea I intellectually appreciated for a long time, but never fully got around to accepting or embracing in a visceral sense until I started discovering that my body and other parts of me (I refuse to get mystical- I'm just saying I don't understand it) resisting against things I wanted to do.

I wanted to quit smoking and it was really hard. I wanted to wake up early, and it's really hard. I wanted to be more productive, write more word vomits, and my body/brain just doesn't listen to me. Previously I had modelled the saboteur as someone who is inside my head, who's more intelligent than I am on average (meaning he's at peak intelligence 24/7), more well-rehearsed, etc.

Now I realize that that model is kind of flawed. The saboteur- if I want to use such an villianistic narrative- isn't just half of me, but most of me. Heath brothers got it right- I'm the mahout, and the 'saboteur' is the elephant. I'm trying to move this big, clumsy elephant that obstinately goes wherever it wants to go, almost entirely independent of my thoughts. For the most part, it feels like i'm in control, because I only choose to go where the elephant has already decided it wants to go. That's the well worn path. If I pick options from the range of choices that the elephant is comfortable with, there is no cognitive dissonance. I feel like I have freedom and free will, and the elephant happily does what it likes. Do I want more cigarettes or less? Should I procrastinate on X or on Y? These are things that feel like choices to me, but the real choices that actually matter were already made for me in advance. [1]

Since I stopped smoking I've been noticing all other kinds of interesting things. I realize that I need to exercise regularly. I mean, I've written about this for years. Jesus. Nothing is new. Reading my old vomits make me realize that I "already know everything"- that is, my 5% conscious mind is capable of accessing and reaccessing truth over and over again. But what do I do with that? What happens after the meeting is over, after the commitments are made, etc? I weasel out, I sneak off, I waffle and shirk. Why? I'm not sure if I can provide a good answer just by thinking about it aloud, because my subconscious shit and filth will try to hide it.

I'm in essence trying to sandblast my brain of all the shit and filth that has accumulated over the years. And there is a lot of it. Every time I think I've made progress I realize there's a lot more to do. I can actually probably set the next 2-3 years aside to purely just clear filth and nothing else. I no longer feel like there's much point in me trying to contribute to civil society or broader discussions or anything like that. A lot of those things feel like escapism. Things that distract me from the much harder work of cleaning my own house.

I've been waking up before 8am for about a week now, I think. I try to sleep before 11pm every night. Last night was an anomaly, and I slept at 130am. I was worried, I thought I'd wake up 10am or later. But I woke up at 730, right before my alarm went off.

The following has happened hundreds of times in the past- I wake up early, and then I decide to give myself a few more minutes lying in bed. I fall back asleep, and I start the day disappointed, realizing that I can't trust myself with anything. I say yes to all sorts of things, and then I fumble and flounder to try and keep track of all of them.

I never really devised a working system that worked well for me. I'm finally starting to sort of cobble one together. One is a bullet journal system, which is pen+paper. This works well because writing things down over and over again forces ME to pay attention to them, to keep track of them. I also use Evernote to keep track of stuff, and I use my blogs to pour my brain out so that I can look back on it later and reflect on it. I use Asana for work, but for the longest time I wasn't actually using it properly. Most of my tasks didn't have deadlines on them, and I would move the deadlines around, I'd assign too many tasks to myself in a single day, fail to do any of them, then shift all of them to the next day, wash rinse repeat. I set aside some time recently to go through all of it all at once- I took about 2 hours yesterday to give deadlines to everything. So now I can just focus on getting 4 things done per day. And I can split that up, and focus on doing one thing at a time. I think that will help.

The best thing about quitting smoking for me is that it made me start to believe that it's possible for me to get out of all my funk, and to clean out the shit from my brain and to then rewire my brain so that the shit and filth is no longer a part of the system. It's like... I had become a derelict hobo of sorts. Once in a while, I would take this hobo out for a haircut and a bath and a shower and stuff like that, and the hobo would look all nice and fresh and clean for a few days. But pretty soon the hobo would back into drugs and alcohol, he wouldn't be able to hold down a job, he'd go back to his hobo ways. The haircut was nice to see, and feels good, but that isn't what the hobo actually needed.

What does the hobo actually need? Fuck if I know, man. The most important thing is probably a context in which he can see himself differently. And work was probably the first thing in my life that enabled that. My colleagues and boss allowed me to see myself in a different light. That maybe I might be able to build and develop the habits and routines that would make me useful and productive.

I'm sure I've written many times before about how a part of me always blew off the idea of being useful and productive at all, because there was nobody worth being useful and productive for... but that was largely a product of my context + me rationalizing something I had become addicted to. It was my brain doing what brains do best- inventing an explanation that's least painful. I smoke because life is fleeting and difficult and we're all going to die anyway. Sure, but all of those things are still true, and I'm not smoking anymore. Why aren't I smoking? Life is still fleeting and difficult and we're all going to die, but now when I think of cigarettes I think of brief stimuli followed by coughing, a dulling of the brain (this really happens- everything starts getting greyer, like somebody turned the contrast down in the world), burnt and chapped lips, and a generally unpleasant experience. Life without cigarettes is brighter, fresher, happier.

I've always known this, c'mon. Why am I talking about it like it's new, important or different or something that matters? The real question is- why do I care about a brighter / fresher / happier world when i didn't before? Something changed, what? I think I began to believe in myself a little bit more, as a consequence of other people believing in me. I think it might have been as simple as that, and as disturbingly outside-of-myself as that.

I think that's a huge part of what people don't talk about when talking about procrastination. I last wrote about having a fire under your ass, but even that's just one facet of it. You're already having a good day when all you're looking for is a fire under your ass. The hard question is what do you do when you're not having a good day. When you're not even looking. When you can't even see. When you don't believe in yourself, and you strongly suspect that you're doomed to a life of always reaching, always failing, always falling behind, always missing commitments, always disappointing people (including yourself, even if you tell yourself that you aren't disappointed- there's a part of you that has hopes and dreams and that's the part of you that grows quiet, grows soft and hides in the background, like a child that's abused, or a child of parents who mean well but are just plain irresponsble... you start becoming small, you stop believing in yourself.

I don't mean to turn this into some sort of big motivational shpiel, all I'm saying is to look to your cynicism or look to your devil-may-careism or however you wanna think about it (I'm assuming if you're reading my vomits you must relate to me in some way... or whatever i don't care) and ask yourself why you're like that. What were the conditions that led you to carrying yourself that way, thinking of yourself that way. We're almost all products of our environments to a greater degree than we realize. I definitely am.

The past couple of years I've been realizing all these things that plague me- how I am limited, set back, etc. And how important it is to realize that things don't actually have to be this way. If I can stop smoking and stop feeling like I need a cigarette- that's the part that smokers worry about, I think- that they'll always want a cigarette (because I don't think I do anymore, 95-99% of the time) then I have to believe that I can quit my guilt. I can build into my brain a system that takes care of business, that keeps to deadlines and appointments, that gets things done. I have to believe. And I have to let go of the old me. I have to let go of the apologies and the disappointments and all of that stuff. I just have to get shit done, a little bit at a time, over and over and over again. But first and foremost I have to believe.

I believe. I believe it is possible. I believe that I am the one who is here to save me from my bullshit. I believe that I will stand up and face the light. I believe that I will pull myself out of this. I believe that a year from now I will look back and smile sadly at how stuck I was, at how hard I struggled, how I floundered and struggled when everything I needed was right around me- and how all of that is okay, and how I'm fixing it. I'm coming back. I'm getting stronger. I'm getting more powerful. I'm expanding my circle of control.

I'm becoming the kind of person who insists that shit gets done.

[1] Kinda like what would-be revolutionaries like to say about capitalists and the media and the bankers and people who supposedly run the world. The important choices are all already made for you, and it's not in your favor. You're given the illusion of choice over things that are relatively inconsequential, and you amuse yourself to death, while suffering. Bread and circuses. Bread and circuses.

Philip Larkin has a poem- 'This be the verse' that goes "They fuck you up, your mum and dad. / They may not mean to, but they do. / They fill you with the faults they had / And add some extra, just for you." It's written in a rather sombre, depressing tone. There's an amount of despair in the poem. But I think if you meditate on that fact and you accept the truth encoded in it, you can learn to appreciate it. I don't mean appreciate it like appreciating modern art in an art exhibition- that is, like a complete fucking idiot rubbing their chin thoughtfully. I mean appreciate it like you appreciate something that can kill you, and not in some beautiful elegant way but in the most unforgiving, unfair, stupid way. The original meaning of appreciate didn't have a positive connotation to it- it meant simply to evaluate, to acknowledge or realize the value of something.

Once you appreciate the ugliness, you appreciate the flaws and the broken stuff, the horrible issues that plague your life, then you can (maybe, perhaps) start doing the incredibly difficult, challenging, HARD work of putting the pieces together. Sometimes this means closing yourself off permanently from environments that are toxic to you. Sometimes this means using prostheses. Sometimes this means developing habits and systems that you might have to stick with for years, maybe even decades. And all of that can seem really painful, really hard, really tedious. It can feel like giving in.

But I think there is truth to that cliche that only by acknowledging weakness can you truly begin to become strong. Only by acknowledging cowardice can you begin to become brave. You don't have to tell everybody else about it, you just need to acknowledge it for yourself. You need to realize that whatever you do or say is an emission of who you are, what you believe in, and there's a lot of reprogramming you can do (or I can do, at least, for myself) to make things better for yourself. In my case I realize I have all these issues- I'm not sure what exactly you'd call them. Neuroses might be a bit extreme. But they are basically facets of my mind that are incredibly persistent and can be rather tedious, annoying and disruptive in my life. What am I to do about them? [1]

Living with them is a worst case option of sorts- the reason I write and think about these things so much is because I don't like the idea of dying without having at LEAST made some progress on these fronts. i'd like to witness myself getting better at these things. I'd like to witness myself discovering that I was right about how I felt about some things, and that others were wrong about me. That's somehow important to me right now. I sense that it won't always be, that someday this goal will feel silly. But I'm not sure if I can skip this one. We'll see.

[1] This might be a good aside moment to think about the way we think about mental health. We all know people who have 'regular' health issues- asthma, short-sightedness, high blood pressure, diabetes, low blood sugar, arthritis, so on and so forth. It's pretty common. People have headaches and the flu and all sorts of ailments. Back pains. Now, the brain is more complex than any other part of the body. Shouldn't it "go wrong" at the same frequency, if not worse? Shouldn't people have just as many mental health issues as they do physical ones, if not more? And yet we pretend like this isn't the case. This is ridiculously harmful and I hope we address it within my lifetime. That would be nice. Nobody really had a serious conversation with me about the possibility that I might have real mental health issues or a some sort of impairment or disorder of some kind until I was 22, married, a home owner, employed. I might have been saved a lot of misery.

The Vagina Monologues lady- Eve Ensler- was the first person, I think, who introduced to me the idea that you heal yourself by giving to other people what you wish was available for you. I remember the first time I watched her TED talk, I was incredibly moved and had some sort of euphoric epiphany or something. I watched it again recently, and I felt reminded of that conviction. I do think that a substantial amount of life should be spent giving to others, if only because it seems likely that we're wired to experience lasting pleasure from such relations.
I don't want to get into the nitty gritty of what exactly "derivative" means- I could try, but I feel like that's irrelevant to what I want to describe. I want to talk about my own environment, my own creativity, my own brain, my own process. I'm not interested in being original- I think if you meditate long enough on the fact that Everything Is A Remix, you'll likely cease to desire credit. If other people want to take credit for my work, fine, I'll just remix that fact into my subsequent work. If you "steal" from me by plagiarizing, I'll just make more art and draw attention to the plagiarization in a fun way. I think that's how art ought to be, how ideas ought to be transmitted. Maybe I'm too naive and idealistic and all of this will be struck down one day. We shall see.

In the mean time, I'm just going to keep creating, and my response to anything negative is to create more. This is what I've done so far, broadly speaking. I had comments in 2010 or so telling me that I ought to quit writing, because I was apparently so bad at it. Now I've got some pretty nice comments from some pretty famous/popular/influential tastemaker types. And yet the art remains fundamentally the same. I've gotten better at it through sheer practice, revision, reflection, output. And I want to just keep doing that, do more of that. (There's a ZenPencils comic about this that really hit me hard- Gavin is just getting better and better at HIS craft. He's remixing quotes and visuals and tropes to produce some really wonderful work.)

So. If everything is a remix, what are the implications?

1- PROLIFIC OUTPUT. I should stop trying to be smart, clever, original, cool, all of that stuff. I should just produce as much output as I possibly can. I won't know in advance what's good and what's not. I just need to be prolific. I got into writing because I have taste as a reader, and I can tell when I'm going through my own vomits which are the good ones and which aren't. The cool thing is, I didn't always know when I was writing them. Sometimes I wrote something in excitement that I'd later look at and go "Hm... I don't really need that anymore, I've internalized that." (Which means it was good to have written it, but I don't need it anymore.)  Sometimes I wrote something that seemed messy and painful and difficult, and I'd slog through it and think that it was a total waste of time- and often I'd be right about that, but sometimes there will be something in there that's worth unearthing- and sometimes that thing triggers a whole bunch of good stuff further down the road. I've written about this before in Letter To A Young Songwriter: Be Prolific. So nothing new here. I'm just revisiting this idea so it rolls off the tongue.

2: QUALITY INPUT. This is where things get more interesting. At the simplest level, it means consuming a lot of stuff. Reading as much as possible. There's a certain "running lean vs running fat" thing that arises... I'm getting ahead of myself. The first thing about input, like output, is that 1 is better than 0. It's better to read something than to read nothing. It's better to write something than to write nothing. If you can, you should aim for quantity. Read as much as you possibly can.

The problem is that ultimately there's a limited number of hours in a day. And the problem I was personally running into was that I was reading a lot of junk and crap. I was reading about other people's lives on social media- twitter, facebook, instagram. Now, I don't think social media is worthless. I think it can be an incredibly useful utility, and I also think it has a lot of opportunity for art and all sorts of valuable creativity. My problem is that I started getting very caught up in the lives of others. My brain was getting filled up (I'm oversimplifying- I don't actually know precisely how the brain works in scientific terms, but I can tell you what it feels like) with thoughts about social relations. This makes sense to me- we have big brains to begin with because we had large social groups, I believe? Dunbar's number and all. So it makes sense that identity performance is a huge game.

Sorry, I'm writing about this in a roundabout way. Let me lay it out bare. What I'm saying is that I found myself spending a ridiculous amount of time and energy worrying about the identity that I was performing and projecting to friends and peers from a young age. I was concerning myself with the thoughts and opinions of guys I had met when I was 13 or 14 years old, when we were little children really. And it was taking up valuable headspace. A part of me sought their approval. A part of me wanted to make them jealous. And I'd just waste time thinking about this...

So lately I was thinking a lot about how I was carying this strange duality within me- this strange double-life where I was getting featured on popular publications and getting into real positions where I have some sort of credibility, some sort of influence, and this other part of me where I worry about the approval of people who became a part of my life almost completely arbitrarily.

I started to realize that if I want to get to the next level, I need to make some drastic, dramatic changes. I can't devote 100% of my focus towards working on super-challenging, super-interesting problems if I'm also worrying about the local news cycle and other distractions like that. I can't afford to start thinking about say, the social lives of some old friend's ex-girlfriend. I've tried doing the stay-away-from-social-media thing- I went on a complete fast last year in August, but I found the solution to be a little... suboptimal. I might no longer have been interacting with Facebook, etc, but I was still thinking in terms of it. I was still thinking of the status updates I would write when I eventually re-activated. It was like "quitting smoking" but constantly looking forward to the next cigarette, yearning and craving. It's a pretty shitty way to live.

So I realized that I needed and wanted to make a change. I have a bookshelf full of amazing books that I haven't read yet, and I really, really want to read them. For me to read them I need to devote more time to them, carve out time for them. I also want to be more focused at work, and get more work done. And so far, "stay away" hasn't been a good enough solution for me. I literally needed/wanted to do a scorched earth thing.

It's been about 24 hours since I completely cut everything and everyone off. And it feels liberating. I don't need to care anymore. I log into Facebook and there's nothing to look at. I'm not 100% sure how this is going to play out.

But for some reason, I feel incredibly relieved. I feel free. I feel like I've put some distance between me and all sorts of petty concerns, trivial nonsense, like I've dived beneath the choppy surface and found this deeper calm underneath.

Excited to see how it goes. Excited to read more. Excited to care less. Excited to write more.

When you're cheating yourself, you're allowing your animalistic, lizard-brain part of yourself cheat the more sublime, creative part of yourself. If you want to do what some artists do, like Elizabeth Gilbert talks about in her TEDtalk Your Elusive Creative Genius, you could say that you're cheating your Muse, your Genius.

There's a part of you that has dreams, and there's a part of you that has immediate desires. When you cheat yourself, you enable the immediate-gratification child at the expense of the dreamer.

Anyway, I hate the term "cheat yourself"- it's very poisonous. I'd rather not use it.

Here's the single most important thing I want to say- that you're always performing to your subconscious whether you realize it or not. There are some claims that 95% of everything we do is driven by the subconscious. I'm not sure about the number, but I think it's pretty clear that people who achieve great things do it with more cognitive force and power than most of us can typically imagine having. Athletes perform amazing computations in their heads in microseconds. Ask them what they were thinking when they scored that goal, and they might say "I wasn't thinking". Yet they had analyzed where the ball was going, where the other players were going, etc. It's the subconscious mind that has been honed with hours and hours of practice. The same is true for the pianist or performer who feels embarrassed by the applause and standing ovation that he gets at the end. He feels like he doesn't deserve it- it wasn't really him who was performing. But what he has to take credit for isn't the performance itself- is that he put himself through the hours and hours of practice.

You're cheating yourself when you deny yourself the opportunity to achieve great things because the idea of practicing towards something feels tedious, difficult, painful. You're cheating yourself when you give in to the Resistance. (read: The War of Art). The problem about the Resistance is that it's not obvious that it's even a thing. It's incredibly subtle, insidious... argh, but as I'm writing this I'm thinking that I avoided my schoolwork for an ultimately good reason. I may not be able to reconcile that one. No- actually I think I will, but I'll need to think about that one later.

In the meantime, all I really want to say is this. The subconscious is always watching. The subconscious- the muse, the genius- is actually a remarkably impartial audience. It doesn't think you're great just because you say you're great. The subconscious has expectations about your behavior. It knows whether or not you can be trusted, and I think the damage that is done when you cheat yourself is that your subconscious doesn't  trust you with its hopes and dreams anymore. And so it stops dreaming.

The subconscious is always watching. It pays attention when you goof off, and it makes a note- "I am a person who goofs off". I am a person who cannot be trusted. I am a mean person. I am a lazy person. I am a nasty person. This I think is the real cost of doing things that are seemingly victimless crimes. You're the victim. You're the one poisoning your own mind with ideas about who you are, what sort of things you do. If you develop an exercise routine from a young age, your subconscious pays attention and thinks, "I'm the kind of person who exercises." If you break from this routine, getting back into it might not be that hard.

I'm thinking now about how both Carl Sagan and Linus Pauling shared the conviction that if they didn't understand something, it was because they hadn't thought about it hard enough. Now that's a great idea to give your subconscious. The thing is, you can't just "give" something to your subconscious. Your subconscious is greater than you, smarter than you, thinks longer, harder and better than you. You really have to give it your absolute best, your absolute truth. You literally, actually, have to IMPRESS your subconsciousness with great work- great on some field.

I was watching Supernanny when I was at my parent's place and it was quite eye-opening to watch how parents give in to their children's tantrums. And the nanny goes, it's not the kids' fault, it's you, the parents. You're giving in. You're training them. You're conditioning them to get what they want. So naturally, they just keep getting whatever they want, and ulltimately that doesn't work out in their favor because they haven't yet figured out how to think about what they actually want out of their lives.

Fuck man, this whole vomit feels like it isn't getting anywhere close to what I want to say. It's so messy. I've crossed the word limit I've set for myself, so this vomit is technically over, but let me try to start over quickly.

Your subconscious is always watching you, always listening to you, always judging what you do, what you say, what you think about, everything.

Your subconscious notices when you slack off. When you don't give it your all.

And your subconscious is way bigger than you. It's like a roomful of people smarter than you, watching your every move. And you need to inspire them. You need them to invest in you. To trust you with their assets. With their power.

The mistake I've made in my life is this- I've disappointed my subconscious over and over again, to the point where she expects me to fuck up. She expects me to screw up. She expects me to get in trouble, because that's what I've done, over and over again. I have trust issues with my subconscious. The only way to earn back that trust it seems is to start by doing really small things that I say I'll do. And then do another.

How do you get around to doing THAT? Where do you start? How do you start the starting? I think we need to create rituals. (Well, before that even- make fewer promises. None at all, if possible.) Then I need to identify things that typically get me started. I need to have a quick ritual that runs me through the things that I identify as important triggers to get me riled up and working. I have a couple of motivational videos I like, I can just pick one. 3 mins. then I can get started immediately on the most painful, difficult, important task. If it's a big task, I can complete a segment of it. I need to learn how to segment tasks better.

I've been completely cigarette free for almost half a year. I've not even slipped once. I think my subconscious is somewhat impressed- I think. Probably not, actually. I need to do my word vomits everyday. Every. Day.

Alright, we're done here.This has been messy and ugly but I will get back on this.

Recommended reading:

The User Illusion, by Tor Norretranders

The Top Idea In Your Mind, by Paul Graham
Blah blah. Fairly self-evident stuff. Where do I get to something interesting or useful? What have I learnt that's surprising? I think the main thing is to awaken to the reality that you inhabit. That is, to take time off (unless you're literally at war, and you're not if you're reading a blog) to quickly sketch out where your time and energy is going. I recently decided that time spent on Facebook and Twitter was a huge mindsink for me- the headspace that those things occupied were a much higher cost than the excessive time I was spending on them- sometimes even 3 or 4 hours a day. That was time I could've spent sleeping better, eating better, spent quality time with my wife, get my work done more effectively and more quickly, that sort of thing. I guess so the thing is to identify the time sink... and then take drastic action? In my case I had been deliberating about it for a long time. Maybe years. I deactivated my Facebook account in August last year- I'm sure I've written about it in some earlier vomits, and I'll compare notes when I'm doing the 200-vomit thematic/narrativistic summaries... but what happened was, I knew that I'd get back to it eventually. I knew that I had friends who were "waiting" for me. (Waiting in the sense that they would post again if I returned, but they would still move on with life if I disappeared. C'est la vie.)

This time, I went total scorched earth. I literally unfriended and unfollowed everybody in my life. And the amazing thing is- I was so scared to do it. Why? Probably some lizard brain instincts. You can't get rid of your friends, you can't betray your friends, you're going to miss out on all the cool stuff, think of all the stuff you're not reading, all the conversations you're not having. But the thing is- I started to see how boring and vacuous those conversations were becoming to me. It's simply not possible to have a super-high-level conversation with somebody without stakes. Or to refine that, if you're really fucking serious about something, you need to supplement your conversation with action. And generally speaking, the power users on social media aren't taking dramatic action. The celebrities and superstars might get a lot of attention for whenever they do post, but those people already paid their dues. They already put in the hours of work earlier. And... fuck it, even if it's possible to make great leaps in a given direction while also being a social media user, for me personally, as a social media addict, I'm far better off if I focus on my work entirely without the distraction.

Fuck it. It's all storytelling. It's all narrativistic. All that matters is that I feel better and happier, and I'm doing more work, reading more books, sleeping better, exercising more. They might not necessarily be related. But it's part of the new story I'm telling myself, and I'm making it stick.

What have I learned about decision-making systems? You have to prioritize ruthlessly. You have to really be super clear about what is absolutely the most important thing, at the expense of all others. And I still haven't quite learned to do that. I've crossed my 1000 words, and the most important thing for me right now at 12:26am is to go to bed so that I can sleep early and go run tomorrow morning. And then we'll continue this conversation immediately after. We can move this more quickly, it's all up to me, and it's all in my nervous system.fact.

Note to later self rereading this: I don't really actually answer the question directly. I sort of just meander around the context of the question. Next vomit let's lay down the first principles and follow the implications. Alright goodnight
Ugh, I just wasted a bit of time before writing this by going on reddit. I got a couple of little links and stuff out of it, but I'd have been much happier to have just gotten the vomit out of the way ASAP. Still, it's 1020 am. I woke at 7-ish, went for a run, showered, made breakfast for myself and my wife, and now I'm getting started on this vomit. Ain't too shabby. Let's just keep going.

Why did I take a bit longer than necessary to start the vomit? What was the source of the resistance? (Btw, The War Of Art has been catalyzing and refactoring my thinking about procrastination and inertia and stuff like that, I highly recommend it. Wish I read it much earlier.) What stopped me from writing earlier?

I think it was partially a lack of clarity. I have a bunch of different ideas in my head all at once, and I think that I wouldn't be able to do justice to all of them in my present state. So I waffle and procrastinate, as though I'll have a better state later on. I know by now of course that isn't true. The athlete will never wake up not aching, not sore. He has to play hurt. So let's play hurt.

Yesterday I wrote about refactoring my decision-making system, but I didn't actually get into the details. Let's try and get some of the details out in this vomit. A couple of things are coming to my mind:

One is the way I used to play SimCity 3000 and certain football management games. I used to obsess about the starting point. In Simcity, I'd spend all the starting money building an elaborate system of roads before anybody even moved in. I'd then get slaughtered by the road maintenance bills, and soon lose control of the city. It took me a long time to properly appreciate this, funnily enough. I guess I grew up reading a lot of books, and I never actually DID many things of my own.

That makes me think about my first websites. How did I do it? How did I get my first website? I bought a book- some guide to HTML 4.0. One of the first things you do is you open up notepad, type stuff and save that as index.html. Hey, you just made your first webpage! Does that sound silly? Because it isn't. Where there once was nothing, now there's something. You now can do something even cooler than your first webpage- you can do your second webpage. And your third, and your fourth. That's really how you do it, it's as simple as that.

Another is the cupcake model of startup development. In 0178 I talked about "focus on the cupcakes". I'd like to dig a little deeper into that. What does it actually mean to focus on the cupcakes, when it comes to lifehacking and behavioral change and whatever you want to call it? When it comes to living your life well, getting more out of life?

It's very interesting and useful I think to apply the MVP model of product development to personal development.

I spent maybe a decade, maybe more of my time trying to improve myself by accumulating information, which is kinda like the base of the pyramid. It's tiring, endless and ungratifying. This applies to all sorts of habit building. I focused wrongly on the bottom layer. (On hindsight, this is a lot of what school is about too, isn't it? Maybe we do things way because that's how we were taught to do things. What you really want students and learners to do is to experience a-ha moments themselves.)

What you actually want is get to the peak as fast as possible. Energy/willpower is a VERY limited resource early on in any new endeavor. Your subconscious will resist your attempts, because it is very happy at its current equilibrium. Hit the peak, though, and you unlock more energy for your pursuit.

What is the peak? In writing, it's shipping/publishing something and getting feedback from others, and  changing your identity / self-perception in the process. Changing your beliefs. Deciding/realizing that you're a writer. In cooking, it's making a dish, eating it, smiling and realizing that you liked it. You want to get to that point ASAFP. In fitness, it's breaking a sweat, getting an elevated heart rate, going home and showering and feeling the endorphins. CRITICAL.

Counter-intuitively, this means you should do the minimum research possible. Knowledge is good to have, of course, but it's not without cost. And the costs are what kill you. That's what makes a couch potato stay on the couch... opening 20 tabs on his iPad about 20 tips on how to get more fitter better faster quicker. More research = inertia, time-cost, expectations. The more you read up about something without taking action, the more self-conscious you're going to get. I don't mean "go unprepared/uninformed". I mean that going for a walk is 100x more helpful than researching nuances of biomechanics.

You want to optimize for safety and survivability, to make sure that you don't die or hurt yourself. But once you've got that covered, you're going to learn more from the walk than from the research. The cool thing is that the early experience gives you valuable context to figure out what you should be researching next. This is a compounding advantage you won't experience if you do the research without the context.

The critical lever might be identity/belief. What's the smallest/fastest thing you can do to change your identity? That's real leverage. For me personally, "I'm a picky eater / have food issues / don't know how to cook" was a big, significant part of my identity. It probably still is. But today I cooked eggs, and they were yummy.

I got my wife to sit next to me and instruct me (I had to remind her several times not to take over- it was critically important that I perform every single step, from getting the plates to taking the butter out of the fridge), which made me feel less intimidated and afraid about the process. (If the idea of cooking eggs being intimidating sounds hiliarious, I don't blame you. But I grew up without ever preparing food, without even really witnessing food being prepared.)

I'd like to cook eggs again tomorrow. I'd like to get better at it. I'd like to be able to crack eggs smoothly and efficiently, and feed myself every morning.

But that's just one part of it, really.

What is important?

2: Because life is precious, it should be enjoyed. It should be beautiful. It should be pleasurable in a full-bodied way. Things like cigarettes have diminishing returns. You stop enjoying it after a while and the health stuff ruins you. Life should be spent in good health, with clarity of mind, with great relationships with smart, thoughtful, kind people. We're here to have the best fucking time we possibly can, in a kind, loving, creative, positive way.

3: There are 3 parts to happiness, says Martin Seligman. (Here's the TEDtalk he gave, it's worth a watch.)

There's pleasure, which is the most straightforward and the one that people probably obsess the most about. The one that advertising sells. Creature comforts. Good food, nice possessions, status symbols, that sort of thing.
There's flow, which is the feeling you get when you lose yourself in some sort of pursuit- something challenging yet not overwhelming. I felt a lot of flow when I was writing the blogpost that I lost. And I'm doing whatever I can to recreate that. What matters isn't each individual post, what matters is that I get back up and go again.
There's meaning, which comes from contributing beyond ourselves. We're social creatures- we're wired to live and grow in groups, and we're not actually that great at being alone (yet). As long as we live in the current conditions of reality, if we haven't yet hacked the human brain completely, if we still have limited lifespans, we're still bound to the constraints of meaning.

These are things I've come to accept axiomatically. I'm not very much interested in discussing the nuances of pleasure, flow and meaning- we could, but I think it's far more interesting to figure out how to actually get those things for yourselves and for others in a sustainable way.

You can choose to define happiness on your own terms, and you can evolve and change and modify and edit your definition of happiness over time. That's fine. Start with something that works in the general sense, and get more precise about it over time as you keep going. Refine it, test it, compare it, reflect, think, improve. Again, the end goal is to be a happier, healthier person. To have a more beautiful experience of life, which is limited and precious.

4:  Rational decision-making is about making the best possible decisions to experience the most joy and pleasure in life. All decisions are about the allocation of limited resources. Where do you devote your time and energy? What do you do? What do you not do? What do you focus on? What do you get rid of? You either grow or you don't, you either get better at thinking about things or you don't, you either get better at making sense of reality or you don't. You either do better things with your life or you do not. You're either growing or you're stagnating.

It occurs to me that people can fall off at each point. Some people might believe in reincarnation or an afterlife and so-on. I don't know if there's any such thing, so I'm choosing to believe that life is limited as far as we can tell.

Some people might think that life doesn't necessarily have to be enjoyed. You can just live a moderate, mediocre, miserable life and nobody deserves anything more than that. Take what you get and shut up. I can't agree with that. I think life has to be pursued, danced with, laughed with. You have to have joy. If you don't agree, I don't think we can be friends, at least not in a deep, engaging sense. (That's just a general statement, it might not always be true. Life is full of surprises.)

If you agree that life should be enjoyed in a full-bodied way, over the course of an entire lifetime (say 80-100 years, but also such that you can have it cut short at any time and you still find peace and happiness in that), then you're going to have to decide to make good decisions. By good I mean decisions that have a lasting, postive impact on your happiness functions. Things that make you happier. Things that give you flow, and things that benefit other people- preferably people that you admire, people that you care about.

All of this feels like stuff I've said before. What's surprising? What's counter-intuitive? What's unusual?

I've always thought that I want to be happy, but I didn't quite fully accept or realize how much of a commitment that is. I didn't quite realize how deep that has to transform you. It's not something you can try on for fun, it's not a place you can visit for holidays. (I mean- you could do something like that, but that's not the same.) If you're serious, you double down. If you're serious, it goes deep into your identity, deep into your psyche, your belief system. You change who you are, at every scale of reality. From your actions, your behavior, your social groups.

Committing to happiness means choosing to do a lot of work, and it means walking away from things that aren't productive, aren't useful, aren't important. And that can be traumatic to some degree. It can be scary. It involves cutting things and people out of your life, things and people that are toxic. It means prioritization. It's a strange mix of ruthlessness and graciousness. You have to say no. You have to focus. You have to commit.

The most important thing is that you develop this central mechanism upon which everything else is built. This is what helps you identify what the 2nd-most important thing is, to get you from where you are to where you want to go. While you're en route, you can ask yourself what your motivations are- why are you doing what you're doing? Would you do it if it were the only thing you were ever going to do ever again? But it's critically important that you don't think about these things as an excuse to avoid doing the work. You have to develop a body of work. And that will help you think.

I guess what's surprising for me is how much I have had to change. How much I have had to walk away from things. How much of my past self I have to destroy, in a sense. I can preserve that guy in writing, I can preserve him in memory, the way we use museums, but that's all he can ever be- and that's a bit scary, a bit painful, but that's the way it is.

This ended up being less pretty / beautiful / directed than the original vomit was, and that's a loss I'm going to have to accept as a part of the journey I'm on. Let it be. Learn. I have to preserve things better. But there's a lesson here and I'm going to learn it. I've completed what I set out to do. I felt sorry for myself for a little while, and then I decided that it would be more therapeutic to go at it again, with drive. 100 vomits from now all of this will look silly. But there was, for a brief moment, intense meaning in this choice. That's flow.

I'll return with more.
A conviction that's difficult to openly admit- is that I think nobody has any fucking idea what they’re doing. I think everybody is bullshitting their way through pretty much everything. That’s an overly broad statement, so I’ll have to refine that. I think the vast majority of everything that’s being said around us is full of shit. I think most people are full of shit. I recognise that I’m writing from some sort of bitter, angry state right now and I expect to get out of this state by writing this. By writing myself out of it. Why am I bitter? I’m bitter because I feel jealous, or because I feel underserved, or under-expressed in some way. I’m bitter and angry because I realise that I haven’t been doing myself justice. I’m not maximizing my potential, and one of the consequences of that is that I have to live with the choices that have been chosen for me. he who will not obey himself will be commanded. I’m sick and tired of being commanded.
 
I spent a little bit of time on Reddit, etc doing research to me and it’s clear to me that tonnes of people have no idea what they’re talking about. Some people are able to describe things more lucidly, more effectively than others, but they still don’t really know what they’re talking about. It’s infuriating, frustrating, why do I have to listen to all of this shit? I don’t, actually. That’s why I left Facebook. I’m going to have to leave Reddit, too. I’m going to have to stop reading most of everything that comes my way, unless it’s filtered by people that I trust to recommend quality things to me. Or it has to come after I’ve done the writing.
 
Every fucking day I need to do to the writing. The last time I published a word vomit- 0195- that was on November 23rd. Over a week ago. That’s why I’m so bloody edgy. I need to bleed everyday. I need to spill ink everyday. If I’m not spilling ink, I’m getting into this space where the world crowds me out. And that’s tiring, exhausting, painful. I can’t stand it. I need to write everyday for the rest of my life, there’s really no other way out of that.
 
I know what the things are that I should be thinking about. I know what the things are that I should be writing about, to some degree at least. The most important thing at any given time is that I pick something of real value and then execute it. Execute execute execute.
 
Argh, fuck the news seriously. It’s like we’re all just bombarding each other with inane shit. If only we could all sit down as a species and ask each other where we’re hurting, why, and if we could all help each other through it. Well- actually I’m not sure if that’ll accomplish anything. I talk about this as though I’d like somebody to sit me down and talk me through some things, but I’ve actually done that- with my wife, with my boss, with people I trust- and I inevitably come to this space where I learn or realise or revisit this realisation that ultimately I have to figure this stuff out on my own. By figure this stuff out I mean beyond conceptually. Concepts are great. Ideas are great. Frameworks, narratives, insights, all of those things are great. But ultimately you have to swallow the water yourself (you can only lead a horse to water).
 
People keep talking about lists and tools and frameworks and blogposts and stuff like that but what really matters? What really gets to the heart of all of it? What is product market fit? What are people actually looking for? How do you really dig into the heart of a problem? What do we really know or understand about a problem? Do we really fucking know it?
 
This is a mess. I am a bit of a mess. I will tidy this shit up. This probably won’t be worth anything but I really felt like my hands had to go through the process of typing out a bunch of words. It’s a mechanical thing. I just need to get this fucking shit out of me. It doesn’t need to make sense. It doesn’t need to have some ulterior purpose or motive. I just need to pour everything out. Dump it all out. Because I’m tired. And it’s entirely up to me to take care of myself. To fix anything and everything. And I can’t quite put my finger on what the problem is but I know that it’s solvable. It’s within some space that can be demarcated. We are biological creatures. I just adjusted my posture. I put on the motivational video with the epic music that I wish existed, that I discovered works for me. And then I need to breath really deep. I need to drink some water. I need to keep going.
 
What is the count now? 800. Sometimes I need to get angry. Sometimes I need to get mad. Blow the fuse. Throw off the chains. Break the chains. Destroy everything .Set the world on fire. Set myself on fire. Light up all the neurons. It's all about set and setting. When you want to explode, fucking explode and leverage the hell out of that shit. It's not about anybody else. It's about you. It's all about managing your own mood. About setting yourself up to get from where you are to where you want to go. About managing your energy. About managing your fire. About setting everything on fire. On expanding. On growing. On publishing. On writing. The words just need to spill. Spill all the fucking ink. Pour it out. You know that there's a goddamn million words inside you. Stop living small. Stop limiting yourself. Stop reacting. Stop feeling sorry for yourself. Stop waiting for later. Yes, exhaustion is something to worry about, to look for and to manage, but that's hardly ever your problem, is it? Your problem is that you don't rush to the insight.
 
Rush to the insight. Finish early. You're done, go. Go. Go. Go. Go. GO.
Impulsiveness- this is maybe 25% innate tendencies, 25% habits and 50% environment. I'm pulling those numbers out of thin air- they might be totally warped. Maybe it's 90% innate tendencies, as evidenced by people who experience brain damage and then become completely different people behaviorally. Regardless, it's clear that we can build habits and adjust our environments to influence this factor to some degree.

The overall equation is loosely ( E*V / I*D ). If you want to reduce your odds of procrastination, increase expectancy, increase value, decrease impulsiveness and decrease delays. Each of those things lend themselves to several tactics. It's important to diagnose the problem accurately. This is where I think I used to get messed up.  If something was a problem of delay- exams, for instance, reminding myself of why it was important value wouldn't be the best approach. Rather, I would have to take littler, smaller problems on at more immediate dates, and then make those things costly through commitment devices, etc.

All of this applies to things that you know within yourself that you want to do, but aren't doing, for reasons you don't quite understand.

Sometimes you're going to encounter a big hairy task that disgusts you and fills you with dread, discomfort and anxiety. These are lizard brain reactions. It made sense to our cavemen ancestors that if something turned your stomach, you ought to just avoid it. We don't really have that luxury today. We have intractable problems that we can't quite avoid or flee from. Or problems where the cost of fleeing is dramatically larger than the cost of facing it- but the cost of facing It makes us uncomfortable, so we hold our ground like deers in headlights. We stick our heads in the sand and wait for the storm to blow over, leaving behind wreckages of relationships, promises, commitments, even your own health.

There comes a point- often way further out than you'd like or expect- where you get tired of describing the problem, of confessing, of apologising. Yes, it's therapeutic to confess- but that doesn't address the root causes of the problem. At the end of the day there are subroutines of neurons firing in your brain that are making you do things that make your life and others' lives unpleasant and Inconvenient.  And life is way too short for that stuff. Eventually you decide that taking action to fix things is the only option you have left- you're tired, then you're tired of being tired, then you're tired of oscillating between those two states. You recognise that 2 or 3 layers of meta tiredness are enough. Get to 4 or 5 layers and you probably become outright suicidal.

(Guy next to me Is looking at pics of miss Philippines on Facebook.  Lady next to me Is playing candy crush. We have so much less autonomy than we believe. As the guy from Lesswrong said, it takes only marginally more autonomy to accomplish great things. The challenge Is to get good at the right things that subsequently compound into greater things.)

What then? Then you start doing stuff. What do you do? First you decide what to do, then you do it. How long do you spend deciding what to do? There are two ways I imagine approaching. One is the GTD system- which suggests that you set aside 2 whole days of your life to go through everything. This requires that you have 2 whole days of time. Unlikely. The other is to satisfice. List out the first bunch of tasks that come to mind, that you know are important and urgent. Then do anything that takes less than 2 minutes to do. Do up to maybe 5-10 of these.

There are other people who've written about this pretty extensively, so I need to sit down and read all of that shit. It shouldn't take too long. I just need to make it a priority. I need to teach myself to prioritize. I need to learn to cut things short when they aren't in my dominant interest. I need to lay down brick after brick after brick instead of planning each new bloody castle in the sky. I need to unwire 20 years of programming that has gone into my head. I need to do this daily. I need to do this every hour if possible. I need to do this as often as I can reasonably manage. I need to be kind and fair and stuff to myself, but I also need to get shit done because otherwise I don't sleep well at night. Sleeping well at night is a function of me getting shit done. The more shit I done, the happier I get. And that's as simple as it is. That's all that counts. There is no grand insight there. There is no magic. No epic solution. Everything I need is already on the table.

Everything I need is already on the table. I just need to publish. Over and over and over again. For myself, for work, for everything.

It seems plausible that self motivation for me might really be about learning to get displeased by a greater number of my own behaviors over time. Smoking started to displease me. Took me a long time to quit anyway, but ultimately I had to learn to think of myself as someone other than a smoker. Social media addiction had also become part of my identity. That displeased me too. I left a few times and went back a few times.

The final thing that made me quit smoking... It was a few different things. One was the ashtray that I had bought. It felt permanent, and I knew that it wasn't permanent. Another was learning about Jason Mraz, who loved cigarettes enough to write a song about them, but then quit and became a health nut. If he can do it, I can do it. Mraz suggested reading Allan Carr, who I had read once before. Read him again. Made the decision to quit. I still had some cigarettes left. I met my friends again the next day. We were all smokers. I smoked with them.

It felt pleasant, like old days, but I also felt strongly that I wanted to be done with the old days. I didn't want the old days to continue being my present for years to come. In July of 2014 I had my last cigarette and decided that we were to part ways. I wanted to make a break from that life. Even now I'm sure that I'm missing some part of it. I liked that my wife quit with me- her health was easier for me to prioritize than my own. I liked that my friends were somewhat impressed. I liked that one of my close friends didn't bat an eyelid when I asked him if he'd believe that I'd go another week without smoking. I'm now one of his data points, his Jason Mraz. When he eventually quits smoking, if he does, it'll be "if visa can do it, I can do it." Maybe. Hopefully.

I think ultimately it's about the quality of your experience of reality, and what occupies your thoughts. I'm starting to get pretty tired of even thinking or talking about cigarettes. I needed to focus on the next addiction, to grow and learn and empower myself to fulfill my interests and utility functions.

I knew social media addiction was a part of the problem. I was spending 30 to 40% of my time on it and it was consuming me, with a very bad return on investment. I guess when I started out, it didn't feel like I had many other investments to make... though that's a lie, I always knew that deep reading was one of the greatest sources of utility ever. Writing too. And exercise.

These are not new ideas. They're very basic, fundamental ideas. And it annoys me slightly to think that I'll probably still be talking about that 40 years from now if I don't die first. But But I also know that I grossly misjudge things. Maybe I'll internalise everything and we'll keep going. Who knows? There's only one way to find out, and that's to throw myself into it. To really dig into the details each and every single day and just rip into it.

I've been getting very into the idea that visuals are really important when it comes to communication. The same for the human voice, too. Basically anything that has more bandwidth than writing is worth pursuing as a medium of communication, because by definition you can pack more meaning into less space. I know that I have taste when it comes to visuals, but I don't yet have the ability. I've gotten Increasingly frustrated with saying that. The basics of visual communication aren't complicated. You can deconstruct all of into dots and lines. So if you want to get better at visual communication, you start by learning to draw lines, and by decomposing complex shapes into simpler ones. I can do that.

And so I've started doing that. I started practicing lines deliberately- long and short lines. I started practicing the alphabet. I did it over and over again. I started wondering what the economy of my letters were. Surely I was being inefficient? Yup. I realized, for instance, that the way I wrote my P's were unnecessarily elaborate. I figured that if I practiced each of my letters over and over again until I found the most economical, elegant way of writing them, my handwriting would become more pleasing.

Another thing I discovered almost immediately was that I've been pressing my pen and or pencil too hard to the paper when I write. I do this because I used the resistance from the paper to help me decide how to write. I needed the feedback from the paper to keep my letters in check, rather than relying on my own muscles, my own aesthetic sense. I needed friction. What I'm beginning to discover is- I don't need those constraints. I can write big and large and loose- it's a mess initially, but there's a lot more life and flow to it. And it's a lot more interesting. I can work with that.

I think there are parallels between that and many other forms of work and play. I'm unnecessarily stressed and frustrated because I still press hard against the paper. What I should do is let go, listen, play. And then analyse, revise, deconstruct. I'm too self conscious. I should be willing to fail and let people tell me I failed, but it shouldn't be because I lived too small.

Feels a bit odd for me to talk about living large vs living small. I'm a tall, loud, noisy man. What am I talking about? There is some nuance that is unexpressed. I guess I'm loud because I don't know how to speak volumes with a soft word. I need to deconstruct everything that I do that matters to me. I need to break things down into their basic constituents and practice them over and over again.

I'm not yet certain what the implications are there for word vomits- I guess I should keep going. As fast and smooth as possible. Lightly on my feet. One buttock playing. Getting to one buttock playing requires a lot of practice. You need to try variations of everything and let your subconscious evaluate it. That seems to be the case. My boss suggested to me that I spend a week or at least 3 days not worrying about chasing rabbit holes, about worrying about the implications of every new piece of input that comes my way. Rather I should just collect those inputs in a brain dump (I now use workflowy, which I much prefer to Evernote because it gets really granular and you can collapse and expand bullets and lists infinitely). I also feel like I should start doing videos on my youtube channel to help me get better at speaking.

It seems like too much. I need to start small. I'm very tired.
Well, what bothers me? I think what bothers me most is that I feel like I'm frittering away my time and energy. I feel like I'm not applying myself properly.

Okay. What does applying myself properly look like? What are my priorities? My highest priority actually I think might be to achieve financial freedom as quickly as possible. Is that it? No... doesn't seem like it. I want to achieve some sort of freedom or Independence. But what sort of freedom is that exactly? If I don't make it precise I'll never get it. I do all the meaningless research and reading probably because I'm trying to avoid something uncomfortable. What makes me uncomfortable? What am I afraid of? Do I have some underlying craving or urge that I'm denying? Um. A part of me always feels like smoking cigarettes but I don't think that's it. I'm happy to be smoke free. I want to figure out what other things in life I ought to be 'smoke free' of.

It feels like my brain is pushing me towards "numbing" behaviors. I'm experiencing "avoid/run/hide" type behaviors. Why? Is it some sort of imposter syndrome; I feel like I don't deserve to be where I am? That doesn't quite feel like it. I guess I just feel exhausted from having so many fucking things on my plate. But that's entirely my fault. It's up to me to cleanse and prioritize things. A part of me feels like my work will never be done, like this state that I'm in is going to be this weird state of incompleteness. That doesn't capture the whole picture- I know that incompleteness and impermanence are features of our reality- there will be things on the to do list and un-answered emails when we're on our deathbeds. So what's different? Can't I just accept this as reality? Why so anxious? Maybe I should just stop to smell the roses and enjoy this as the nature of reality?

But I know I have more to give. I know I have more to contribute. All of this is just the tip of the iceberg. And I simply don't like the idea of not executing. Of not getting stuff off my plate so I can focus on the things that matter the most to me. But fuck man, what actually matters to me? When life gets tough and messy my instinct is to hide away from everything. To smoke and drink away whatever is troubling me, to wait it out until the storm blows over. That's not going to cut it anymore. It's not a coping mechanism, it's an avoidance mechanism. And I'm tired of avoiding things.

A part of me also feels like I'm not sure what actually matters to me anymore. What do I actually care about? What do I actually want to do with this precious, cruel gift of limited time? I just have to figure out what satisfies me once I drop all the superficial, contextual stuff. What am I afraid of?

[1] I stopped writing here, but when I reread this I realized that I took a wrong turn here. "Frittering away my time and energy" is not a problem I can solve by eliminating distractions, though eliminating distractions has certainly helped me to get a clearer sense of things. Okay- rather, it might be possible to continue approaching this from a "keep eliminating things from the bottom of the list" perspective, but it seems likelier that I will get happier faster if I just get the big, important things done everyday. I'm tired because I'm not doing the big important things. If I get the big important things done first, then I will have extra energy to do other things. At least, that's my hypothesis. I haven't run in too many days. That's a rather important thing. I need to fix my diet. That's a rather important thing. These are things that I've increasingly understood to be important. Why don't I do them first?

That's the main problem I have to solve. What's stopping me from doing the big hairy important things? I learned earlier that procrastination can be boiled down to (in a simplistic model) of 4 things- expectancy, value, delay, impulsiveness. Yeah, I'm impulsive. Yeah, a lot of these things have delays. But I feel like... I don't know, I feel like making progress on those fronts don't seem like they're going to make much of a difference. I could be totally wrong, of course.

Urgh, I need to mull this over longer. Will give it a few more shots then leave it to the subconscious. Why do I not do the most important things first? Because they're hard? Because they're scary? I KNOW they're valuable. I KNOW they're important. But I guess I know these things intellectually, the same way I knew intellectually that smoking was bad for me. Why did I ultimately quit? Why? Why? Why? I feel like I know the answer but not really. I eventually snapped and got rid of most of my social media. I got rid of cigarettes. What do I have to get rid of next? Doing things that aren't the most important thing. So I guess I need to monotask, to work in only one tab for all my work at work. Maybe that's it. I don't know. This is just the painful schleppy part. Gotta keep going. Gotta keep going. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. I refuse to give up.

Writing this on the train. Such a cold wistful rainy day. Makes me nostalgic, contemplative, reflective. I think about how far I've come, how much things have remained the same, and how ultimately nothing matters.

I'm reminded of the rainy days when I was a primary school kid, when I would get into a school bus in the morning when it was stil dark. I would shower in the bathroom that I shared with my parents, standing in the bathtub and using the rather ornate nozzle-thing. Then I'd get dressed for school, I think I'd have a milo before getting on the bus. I had school-bus friends that I'd play power-rangers with. I wonder how those guys are doing. I don't remember their names. I rememer sharing a pencil with some kid in kindergarten. I remember colouring time, I remember drawing rockets, sharing crayons. I seem to remember this kid who was good at drawing castles. I remember being a little uncertain about which hand was left and which was right. I remember all the little Bible parables they'd tell us in kindergarten, and I remember all the prayer in primary school- and I think it's interesting how little people who experience that as outsiders seem to talk about it. It's like we all collectively agreed that it's just something we're not going to talk about.

I think about the rainy days when I was in the army- there was one particular day when I was doing my Basic training recourse, when it was raining super heavily, most of the course was over. We slept with such glee and joy. I enjoyed those cigarettes that I smoked then. Nostaligic moments like these almost make me want to pick up smoking again but I know that I have to put my foot down about that. Perhaps forever. At least until I do things that I surprise and impress my subconscious audience with. The main, most important thing is that I earn the begrudging respect of my own subconscious. Because the people in there are really hard to please. Sometimes really mean, hurtful, spiteful, all sorts of nasty shit. But good stuff too. I don't really want to get into that.

Life is so fucking absurd. It's really the most absurd thing there is. I don't understand how people are able to go about their digital marketing jobs everyday and not talk about all this crazy absurdity. I suppose I should assume that everybody is wiser than I am, and that the inevitability of the heat death of the universe simply means that we amuse ourselves and we do what work requires of us and we just play along, follow along, don't think too much, don't rock the boat, don't-

what the fuck is this self-pitying bullshit that I'm writing? I'm very, very tired of this. It's seriously not interesting. We already know the hand that we're dealt. We already know that the house is rigged, that we inevitably lose. Then what? What are we going to do? What is left to be said? What of music, what of poetry? What is this entire train of thought a symptom of, anyway? All of this is really, I think, an elaborate form of self-flagellation maybe. A coping mechanism, definitely. A kind of cigarette-in-pixels/ink. Well, i'm smoking this bitch, at least, for now, at least. It makes me feel better so fuck it. It makes me feel better so fuck it. I'm not hurting anybody.

I'll do better. Maybe tomorrow. Maybe someday. I don't know. I won't give up. I'm tired. I won't give up.

Everything that "matters" only matters within some closed or bounded system. Things only matter contextually. And we get to choose our contexts, so we get to decide if we want to feel that something matters.

When you experiment with contexts enough though (conceptually, as a thought experiment, or by literally moving and changing your physical contexts- which I think is dramatically underrated), I think the inevitable demise of the Universe as we know it starts to weigh down on you. Well, it did for me anyway. After a while it's just the elephant in the room. Hey, we're all going to die, as will everything in existence as we know it. Everything will just decay to a lukewarm nothingness.

Nothing much we can do about that right now. So we might as well focus on something else for a while. I think I established in an earlier vomit that the only thing we actually have is each moment, each day, up till the end of our lives... and that's it. That's all the experience that we can optimize for. It might make us feel good to do things that live on after we're gone- but that's an evolutionary byproduct more than anything else, isn't it? We were social creatures before we were individuals. So this is an inescapable facet of our existence, of our reality- until/unless we can outright rewire our brains. People who get hit really hard in the head become completely different people. Drug addiction makes you a completely different person. Having children changes you. There is no real you independent of contexts. There was some guy who was living in isolation for years in forests- and when they finally got to speak to him and ask him about his experience, he described how when he was alone he often ceased to realize that he existed. When there's nobody to perform your identity to, there's no identity at all. Identities are narratives we construct to try and craft some consistency, some semblance of predictability- it's for the convenience of others.

That makes me think about all the "be true to yourself" type of advice. I'm still in two minds about it. On one hand, there does seem to be a likely chance that most of us have predispositions to prefer some activities to others, some contexts to others, and so on. On the other- anything we describe as our "selves" probably has some contextual origin. I like English because I was born and raised reading and writing in it. Now I think in it. Blah blah blah. I'm not sure that this is something really worth pursuing- there are countless thinkers and writers and actors and artists who've spent their entire lives exploring. This isn't going anywhere- I might dig deeper next time but I'm really quite okay with leaving this train of thought here. I think it's a distraction from figuring out the answers to more Important question
But when I remove those things from my life, it just reveals so much more ugly. It’s like destroying the first Reaper that’s right in front of your face, and then seeing that there are a hundred more in the distance advancing towards you. Cigarettes and Facebook were just the numbing agents I was using, self-medicating with, to keep me from having to pay attention to the desolate landscape of my life. Now- here the moment I say ‘desolate landscape’ I know that that sounds like overkill, hyperbole, that I have a lot of things to be happy and grateful for. I mean outside of that. So maybe my metaphor isn’t good enough, apologies for that. I’ll figure out something better along the way.
 
My back is killing me (I think stress/posture/anxiety related), and I’ve been having shit quality sleep and have been waking up really tired and out of it. I feel like I’ve put in a lot of work to become better and- yeah I’m seeing some results but I feel like I’m really losing steam. When I’m on the train on the way home I feel tempted to scream or hit strangers. I mean- there are no voices in my head telling me to do it, and there are no hallucinations or anything- I’m just a lot more irritable. A lot more frustrated. Everything seems to be in the way between me and the person I want to be, the life I want to lead.
 
I realize I have to let everything go. I have to prioritise my own health before anything else, because it would not be cool if I end up with legitimate health problems induced by stress- stomach ulcers or high blood pressure or whatever. That is not a price I am willing to pay.
 
I find myself grasping for things that I imagine might help. I started reading Stephen Covey’s 7 Habits. I looked up Guruka Singh on YouTube again. I think back to how I felt in a sensory deprivation tank, how the breath is like an ocean, and how I need to take deep, expansive breaths.
 
I know that there exists within me a power that I do not comprehend. I don’t mean that in a metaphysical spiritual touchy feely way. I mean literally, there is an intelligence, there is a strength, there is potential. Legitimate potential. It truly exists, I truly believe it. I have seen glimpses of it before. I can understand if it’s not something you can turn on at the flick of a switch, but I know that it’s something that can happen more.
 
Am I making sense? Am I missing something? I’m just in a lot of pain and I need release and relief. Writing helps me with that. I need to keep dropping things off my ship so that I can get back to really simple fundamentals and get myself to do the really most important things. I have been suffering tremendously from a problem of prioritisation. I grew up trying to persuade myself that I didn’t need priorities, that I could just improvise and random-walk and flit around from thing to thing, and that would be fun, that would be okay. That I would be some sort of roguish/vagabond/happy-go-lucky type. And you know, I think that’s still possible- just that there’s actually discipline involved in that, too.
 
A strange thing that I’ve got going for me- I’ve been making my bed every morning for a few weeks. I’m pretty sure I started doing this because of a speech by Admiral McRaven. He said to make the bed. And he seemed like a man who was in control of his life, enough so that they tasked him with leading other men into situations of absolute chaos. He also suggested a whole bunch of other things, and maybe I’ll revisit that.
 
But first I’ll make the bed. First I’ll sit in silence and breathe, because my brain needs tuning. First I need to put everything out of my mind and put myself first- not my cravings or my urges or my desire for random distraction and random-walking and random-exploration, but my stated self, my “that’s who I want to be” self.
 
I can do this. I believe it. I just need to relax. And then I need to pick one really small thing out of the most important things that I need to do, and do that- working backwards from what I’m supposed to deliver. It’s the hardest thing in my life so far, to have to confront this reality so starkly without distractions and without escape clauses. But I either fix this, or I ruin my own life. I know that sounds needlessly dramatic, and that the lizard-brain is wired for this sort of drama… but I have too many data points already. If I fail here, yeah, I can build myself back up eventually- but it will take so much longer. If I miss this bus I will have to wait months, maybe years for the next one.
 
You will not fucking defeat me, Resistance/saboteur-bum. You will not take my life hostage. I will fight you. And I will fight you with commitment and conviction that you have not seen before.

I had my last cigarette back in July 2014. I didn’t think that I would’ve stopped smoking so soon. I thought that I’d have to accomplish a whole bunch of “littler” things before I could quit smoking. At least, that was the plan. I thought I’d get my life in order first. Smoking helped me destress, and it helped me to ‘space out’ my day. It gave me a rhythm, it punctuated my otherwise unfocused, messy and chaotic life.

I thought I would’ve learnt to sleep well before I quit smoking. I thought I would’ve learnt to eat well before I quit smoking. I thought I would have developed a regular exercise habit before I quit smoking. I thought I would be reading and writing regularly before I quit smoking. I thought I would learn to manage my time effectively before I quit smoking.

I quit smoking. I haven’t done any of the above yet. I find it simultaneously amusing and humbling.

If I can quit smoking, I reasoned (and continue to reason), I should be able to do a lot of other things that are broadly recognised as less addictive. Because cigarettes are addictive, and you do kinda feel shitty when you stop. It’s tough. A lot of other things should be relatively less difficult.

I did manage to wean myself off of social media after I quit smoking. That was an interesting. Did I think I was going to quit smoking before I quit social media? I can go back and read old vomits and check, and maybe I’ll do that at some point. I think I expected to quit social media first. But no, I quit smoking first. It’s a funny thing.

What does all of this mean? It means somehow that I’m simultaneously more and less in control of myself than I like to think. More, in the sense that I can do things that I don’t quite feel are doable, and less, in the sense that… a lot of the things that I say I’m going to do, or say that I want to do, I’m not actually capable of doing in the short run.

To be more precise- there must have been something about the way that I quit smoking that was beyond my usual system for dealing with these things. My usual system sucks. My usual system involves me getting all pumped up, anxious, eager, excited, worried, frustrated, upset. My usual system involves big promises, grand plans, imprecise scheduling, imprecise commitments, failing, fucking up, promising to do better next time.

It seems to me that if I reverse engineer my smoking cessation, I should be able to apply it to other things that I’ve been trying to change. What were the components of my smoking cessation?

* Buying an ashtray- ironically, making an investment in the ‘temporary habit’ made me feel really bad. It’s like… earlier I had sorta-managed to kinda-fool myself into sorta-thinking that this was temporary. Buying an ashtray makes it very real, and very permanent.
* Jason Mraz – somebody who made the transition, made the change, and seemed really happy for it. I think there are a few “ex skinny guys” that I can strive to emulate.
* Allan Carr – somebody who studied the problem intimately and understood it better than anyone else
* A group of people I wanted to distance myself from. Or a circumstance, or an idea. I had a clear sense of “I don’t want to be that."
* A group of people I wanted to impress, be a part of. I had a clear sense of “I want in."
* A frustration with the cycle of misery- “Eventually” was starting to frustrate me because I had revisited it over and over again.

The money wasn’t actually a big deal for me.

So I guess I should start doing this for my other habits. I should probably pick just one and focus on that before anything else.

The most painful/scary one might be cooking. I’m irrationally afraid of cooking, because it’s all so vague and opaque and scary to me. If I can fix that I’ll probably start eating more, eating better. This will probably give me the most utility, or second most.

Exercising regularly might be relatively easy to adopt. I simply think of it as anti-anxiety medicine. When I’m stressed, I feel shitty inside. My stomach starts cramping up, I get nauseous. I imagine these are physiological "fight/flight cortisol something something” systems (derp derp) that get resolved. So maybe I should start there.

I’ve started meditating too, again (everything is “again”, again, because I start and stop things over and over again. Just like I used to quit smoking over and over again, until I finally stopped for real.)

I should be writing everyday. This… should just be a part of a morning or evening habit. Whenever I meditate, I rediscover the simple truths, like “I ought to exercise”, “I ought to prioritize/manage my time”.

Hm… looking at all of those, I think the meditation habit makes the most sense. Just sitting in silence quietly, breathing and allowing thoughts to come and go though my mind, allowing my body to relax. It then helps me figure out what the best next steps ought to be. It’s like making a commitment to tuning your instrument, or sharpening your axe.

Okay. So should I plot out the journey for those things other than meditating? I know who I like- Jon Kabat-Zinn, Guruka Singh, bunch of other folks. I know what I don’t want- I don’t want to be so stressed and anxious and worried all the time. I want to be able to enjoy my life, spend time with my wife, smile as I walk, appreciate the present moment instead of rushing from point A to B while looking at C. Is there any specific reading I need to do? I’ve watched the videos already. I can watch them again. And again. I know that repetition makes things stronger. And I find Jon very soothing, so it’s good. What do I want into? Clarity. Piece of mind. Deep, slow breaths.

I will rest a while now, having written this. I will figure out what to do while I’m resting, and then I will execute.

Oh yeah, I realize- I think the 25 minute pomodoro system is actually too long for me. My ADHD/general failness requires me to commit to smaller timeboxes. I’m switching to 5 mins, 10 mins. This took 2x 10 mins to write. See ya.

So I’m here again, at this funny observer/participant crossroads where- yeah I know that I’ll make it as long as I don’t quit, but that part of not-quitting means fixing things along the way so that you don’t fail, so that you don’t die. (I mean ‘die’ in a video game sense, I’m not suicidal or anything. I recognise that life can and will get better if you let it, and that in some sense I’m really just beating myself up over a whole lot of nothing.)

I KNOW that I will find peace. I KNOW that it is entirely up to me, and that it’s inside me. I have made the decision. I made it weakly a while ago, and now I’m making the affirmation. I’m revisiting it. I’m becoming the kind of person who insists that shit gets done. The saboteur will die a slow, painful death just as the smoker did.

I’m reminded of how I used to play Simcity (I’ve written about this before) and how I used to play Grand Theft Auto (I haven’t written about this, I think.) Let’s talk about the GTA example. When you first start a game of GTA2- (GTA3 and Vice City and the rest have better onboarding, I believe), you just start out with this guy in the middle of a city- in front of a city block- and you’re free to wander off punching people, stealing cars, driving around, getting in trouble. There are actually quests that you can do, but it didn’t occur to my young child-self then that that was an option. I didn’t pay attention to the instructions, I didn’t know what the arrows were. I thought GTA was just about stealing cars and running over people, which seemed fun. For a while. Eventually you get the police chasing you, and you have this fun little chase sequence for a while, but then they overwhelm you and you die. And then you start the whole thing all over again. That cycle gets boring (just as Simcity gets boring when you build too many roads without doing any zoning and then you have too many maintenance fees that you can’t pay, and so your budget goes into deficit and then they fire you for being a shitty mayor.)

I’ve been living my life kind of like that, I think. Running around randomly in GTA, or building too many roads in SimCity without doing any zoning. In both cases, running around IS fun, and building roads IS fun- but that’s not all there is. You need to do the quests. You need to build the actual city. Those are the bits where the real challenge is. Those are the actual main quests that challenge you to grow and develop your skills, and they rewards you disproportionately for it, too. What I’ve been doing is sort of running around in free roam forever and then wonder why I don’t have any money, or why I don’t seem to be getting any stronger, and why my in-game experience starts getting so shitty.

I need to focus. I need to prioritise. I have limited time and limited energy, so I can’t afford to dawdle around on free-roam and hope that everything just works out. Because I know that doesn’t work. I’ve done it long enough to know that it doesn’t work. I’ve faced the undesirable outcomes in many different forms, enough to know that it doesn’t work.

If I want to learn and grow and challenge myself, focus is the only way. The free-roaming bit and the random road building stuff is only afforded when I get the cool stuff done. And the huge side-benefit is that free-roaming becomes a lot more fun when you do the fucking quests. (The quests give you respect from the gangs, legitimacy, currency, and they walk you through the things you need to do to evade the cops, etc… all in all making the experience a whole lot more sustainable.)

Ok bye.
I don't think I was entirely wrong about that, I think that was valid for the context I inhabited then. Makes perfect sense when you're a conscript in the army. Makes sense when you don't feel like you like school.

Pause.

So my main thing is an inability to focus. I have no filters. I haven't quite figured out how much of this is genetic or inherited, and how much of it is behavioral, nurtured, learned, indoctrinated. And I'm not sure anymore if there's much point in attempting to make a distinction. The most important thing is that I figure out how to cope.

Sigh, can we go straight to the important stuff?

I can't focus and I can't prioritize. I thought I knew why but I think I ought to start over in thinking about this. I need to worry less about the origin conditions- which I may never be able to figure out, or which I might only be able to figure out when I have a long enough break to indulge in such reflection. But I bet it doesn't work that way. I bet thinking about it will just kick up a dust every time. Argh, I shouldn't even be making such bets. I have no idea, so I should just recognise and accept that I don't know.

Pause.

The cruellest thing about being bad at prioritisation is that it's really hard to fix- because you're bad at prioritising. You might know that you want to get better at prioritising- but what's the first thing you do? Acknowledge and recognise that you have a problem, yes. I'm good at that. Step 2? Let me Google that because it seems silly to start from scratch on this one.

Step two of AA is to believe that there's a larger power that can help you. Hmm. 3 is to submit to this larger power. Hmm. 4 is to make a moral inventory of your faults. Ok, done that. 5 is admit past errors- yeah, done a lot of that. 6 - accept responsibility, yup. It's all me. 7- humbly ask God to  remove the shortcomings... hmmm. 8 list of people you've wronged... Yeah done that feels good. 9- make amends where possible except when it makes things worse- uhuh. 10- more personal Inventory 11- more prayer/meditation 12- help another.

Well... I feel like that's good and all but not quite enough, when we're talking something closer to cognitive-behavioral therapy of sorts. Needs more nuance, needs more structure.

I feel so inarticulate it hurts. I stumble over my words so much. Why?

I need to meditate more.

Pause.

Since writing the bulk of this post a few days ago, I have been meditating more. I have been taking more time for myself to reduce my own anxiety. And it feels like a great start. It feels like it might be the start of the solution to the mess I've worked myself into, and that does feel amazing. I wish I had learned it earlier, I find myself thinking. I find myself thinking a whole bunch of wishes, and I start formulating all these hypotheses and connections- which is normal for my brain to do. But I have to let all of that go, because all of that is a distraction from the present moment when I'm trying to focus on the present moment. Sometimes these connections and inversions are incredibly useful- when I'm trying to be creative, or when I'm having a conversation with somebody.

Pause.

I think the past year has been a challenge for me, and a year of transition of sorts. I was chatting with my wife about how much we are affected by our childhoods and our starting conditions- we spend at least about 10 years in a context and environment that we have no control over, and then after that our control is very limited (and influenced significantly by our experiences in the first 10 years anyway, so you might as well consider that still not-in-control). Exceptions might be if you have parents who are very focused on helping you think and learn for yourself, and if you're exposed to different ways of thinking, seeing, being, and you're allowed to internalize them, test them, so on and so forth.

Then we thought about- when do these things change? When do you get to change the effects that your initial conditions had on you? (Not talking very much about genetics here- we'll leave that as an unknown for this context?) I thought about this in terms of time, but the wife pointed out that it makes more sense to think about it in terms of context/environment. You change when your context changes. Time is involved, but it doesn't quite seem to be the key feature- time can pass within the same environment without much change. (Unless maybe over a really long time you build yourself a mental/cognitive environment-within-the-environment, but I imagine that takes really long and is really painful and hard.)

Pause.

We'll see.
Now I find myself thinking- why? Why does this keep happening? Why is this such a big deal to me? And I'm reminded of another conversation I had with somebody about how- for the longest time I thought none of this mattered to me. I didn't think it was an issue for me, I thought I had successfully ignored it, avoided it, not cared about it. But it turns out that underneath it all I do care. I actually care about a lot of things very deeply. Most things, even.

There's this thing happening in my neighbourhood right now where a Resident's Committee is surveying people about whether they'd like their community cats "removed". What the actual fuck. We're such disgusting human beings. And then I zoom out and remind myself that that's just one thing that's happening. There are literally millions of such despicable things happening everyday- people getting raped, murdered, tortured, battered, abused, all sorts of horrible devastation. And I'm never going to be able to put a dent in any of that. All I can do is focus on my own circle of control/influence and seek to expand that, so I can at least maybe make some people better off by a little bit before I die, and before we all return to sand and become nothing in the heat death of the universe.

Pause.

Maybe that's projecting too far. I don't know. I can't know. All I can know and work on is me. And I think I've worked myself into a bit of a cramp, and I need to uncramp myself with meditation and breathing and relaxation and warm showers. I need to realize that it's okay to fail, and that it's okay for the whole thing to fall apart, because everything does fall apart in the end, and yet I need to put in the effort to get things right. I need to focus and prioritize and manage my time, work backwards, do first things first, be proactive, realize the distinction between productive and busy, yadda yadda. I'm faking it till I make it, and I do believe that I'll make it eventually. I just seem to have this need right now at this moment to wallow in a sort of self-pity and self-disgust and I'd like to get over that pretty quickly if I may, please.

Pause.

I didn't take any vacation days this year. I don't mean that as some sort of brag. That's just stupid and self-damaging. It's really failure of prioritization and self-management on my part. But I gotta let that go and let myself be okay with that. I can't keep beating myself up over sunk costs. All of this is a manifestation of a disease that I can always, at any moment, take immediate steps to fix. It's just that those steps are always the hardest, the most painful, the ugliest. It's easy to bitch and whine and cry and hurt about how all of this is. I read somewhere about failure in silicon valley and how failure ain't actually all that bad. I'm not being precise enough- by that I mean to say that it's easier to lapse into drunkenness and to blow away all your money and to destroy your marriage than it is to sit down and fix things. And yeah I'm thoroughly aware of the alternate POVs and how sometimes you just need to let things go, sometimes it's okay to fail,

Pause.

Clearly that bunny trail is a clusterfuck that's difficult to explore and clarify, because rationalization kicks it. The narrativistic bias kicks in. Explanation kicks in. And while that requires effort, it's relatively easy, and it keeps you in that same space that you're in. It finds you the most comfortable spot in the cave. The real challenge is to leave the cave. Or if the language of challenges and difficulty sounds overly self-flagellating, well, the real joy is to leave the cave. The real pleasure. The real happiness. If I want that I have to do the things that fix the problems that I have. Quitting smoking was part of it. Quitting social media was part of it. These things were unique to me, and may not necessarily apply to anybody else. I can and should learn from others but really I just need to do the most important work that's in front of me, that I'm constantly putting off.

Pause.

I'm fine, really. All of this is just the messy midpoint before I burst forth with clarity, happiness and joy. I truly believe that. I truly believe that I'm coming out of a funk that I hadn't quite realized for what it was. And that moving forward, I'm going to be more disciplined. I'm going to take charge of my life. I'm going to do first things first, and I'm going to work backwards from what matters. I'm going to be a lot smarter about things, and I'm going to change my strategies and the way I play. This is just a bit of a learning blip. I truly believe this. And I'm truly going to fix this. There is literally nothing more important.

"Take it easy, but take it."

Happy 2015. I was hoping that I would have something amazing to write for my first post of the year. Something contemplative and reflective, something about all the lessons I learned last year, or all my plans for this year. But the truth is that I don't really have either of that right now, and the amount of effort it would take me to do justice to either of those things is painfully overwhelming. At the same time, I've been cramping up because I've been struggling with a project at work, struggling to manage my time and my consciousness, and all of it has been really anxiety-inducing and painful- and to all of that I have to say, fuck you. I am done. I am done with feeling shitty because I'm bad at managing my time. I'm done with feeling shitty because of useless perfectionism. I'm done with trying to bite off more than I can chew, and then end up with neither amazing nor good. I'm going to just start shipping good-enough as regularly as possible and not hurt myself with unnecessary... expectations? Even expectations isn't the right word. With unhealthy projections.

I was talking to some of my colleagues about this. I am basically terrible at project management, because I don't know how to write minimum requirements. I wrote a couple of posts about the importance of writing minimum requirements, and I wrote a post about the importance of being succinct. I wrote those things in moments of clarity. But while I appreciate these things intellectually, when I'm extra-conscious, I lose all of those insights and perspectives when I'm sleep-deprived, punch-drunk, tired.

So the first and most important thing for me this year is to respect my sleep. I quit smoking last year and that was great. Now I just need to respect my sleep. Because I make better decisions when I'm well-rested. I need to meditate everyday, just 5-10 minutes here and there, and maybe take a nap here and there, because these things give me clarity, and clarity is power. I've been writing about this for years. But I've also written about quitting smoking for years, and I finally quit. The next thing is sleep.

Why don't I respect my sleep? Short-termism, fogginess, blah blah. Habit. I like the freedom and quiet I get at night, which I actually also get in the morning if I wake up early. I like the implied soft deadline of the night, where you can keep going for as long as you like until you're done or you drop. In the morning, the rest of the day lies ahead of you. If I were a responsible, reliable person, it wouldn't actually matter if I used the morning or night. But I used to use the night primarily because it felt like I didn't have to care so much about other people, about obligations and responsbilities. But it's not like those things go away- it's just that they're less obvious at night when sleep is just next door. They're hell of a lot more obvious in the morning, which can be intimidating and overwhelming for a person who never learned how to be responsible.

All of that is tedious and tiresome. I'm tired of talking about how tired I am of talking about how tired. It gets to the point where it's far less tiring to shut the fuck up and just fix the problem which had seemed so daunting and scary before. And I guess when you finally do it, you realize it's not that big a deal. You died a hundred deaths because you were afraid that you might get hurt- when statistically it's unlikely. It's all one big unnecessary clusterfuck, and I'd like to rise above it. I recognize that getting angry is just recursion- using primal emotions to avoid primal emotions might be a losing game. Maybe a little bit of it is fine. But whatever.

I've been pondering the idea that the most important thing I might need is to figure out my story. Figure out the narrative that makes sense for me- the vast immensity of the sea that I need to be thinking about so that I can motivate myself to build the ship, or at least motivate myself to get around to improving my fuel efficiency. (I have this whole side-thought about how motivation is fuel, but what most procrastinators need isn't more fuel but better fuel efficiency. I wonder how all of that maps out to the expectancy/value/impulsiveness/delay formula. (I had to google that again... which shows that I haven't fully, properly internalized it as much as I had hoped I would've. Which is a little painful, but also a great sign- it means that there is room for me to get better at thinking and learning about myself.)

I'm going to solve my procrastination problem. I already quit smoking. The next thing is to fix my sleep, to exercise regularly, to meditate regularly (just a little bit), to eat healthier, and to write these vomits without perfectionism. It's been annoying me that I've had to go 2-3 weeks without publishing a single vomit. I have a chart on my refridgerator with 1000 boxes, and I've filled out 205 of them. This will be 206. Will this be one of the vomits that I look back on and go "whoa, that was awesome"? Probably not. But there's something to the idea that when you're going through hell, you gotta keep going. So this is me, going and going and going.

My brain keeps telling me that I have all these amazing ideas that I need to execute on right now otherwise I'll forget about them. But that's bullshit. What I need to know/remember is that if the ideas are good, they do tend to come back. And even if they don't, fuck it. It's not like I have a limited number of ideas. I'll find something else. I need to have faith in that process. There's no point in me being this crippled anxious wreck all the time. This changes now, it has been on the cards for some time but it changes now.

I'm done with this vomit. Did it say anything important? Probably not. Do I feel better? Yes. That's all that really counts. I can check a box now. (Do these boxes matter? To me, for this experiment, yes. If I have to write this everyday, so be it. But I imagine I'll do better.) Let's go.

I think it's interesting to deconstruct that. I wasn't somewhere new physically, and I hadn't been anywhere new physically. I had gone downstairs, I had travelled a short line and a circle or two, and then I had come back, and I was in the shower. None of that was anything new. I was up at maybe 7am, which was unusual for my circumstances, but again, it's not like I've never been awake at 7am in my life. I guess what was new was the fact that I had voluntarily woken up and left the house with the intention of going for a run, without any direct, extrinsic force acting on me. I was doing it because I wanted to do it. Which was new.

And I realize- or I got reminded of, rather- that there's a choice that I get to make at every moment of every day. I get to do things as I've always done them, or I get to do things differently. One of the problems is that the fog tends to stop me from even realizing that I have a choice. It just keeps me running on autopilot. Why do I do that? Why don't I do things differently?

The short answers aren't all that interesting, though they're true- as a human being I'm wired to do whatever's simple and convenient, I'm wired to have habits. There's no real survival-affecting reason why I should put in more effort to change the way I do things. (A quote that really stood out for me- can't remember where I read it- was that humans aren't evolved to be happy. Happy people don't survive better than angry, anxious, nervous, paranoid people.)

But okay. I also have this problem where I over complicate things. What I really need to do is create more spaces for myself to make better decisions, rather than agonize over how shitty my decisions are when I'm tired and frustrated and overwhelmed. Turned out what I needed was some meditation (5-10 minutes can make a big difference), some naps (20 mins here, 20 mins there, again huge difference), healthier food (oh my god you have no idea), a couple of cabs to avoid shitty commutes (this costs $$– I'm not rich, but I can afford to spend a bit more than usual if it means better mental health), and some exercise (I just jog quickly to the nearby fitness corner and sprint as quickly as I can for a couple of rounds.)

Doing those things have greatly reduced the anxiety that was plaguing for quite a while. The source of my anxiety was my own inefficiency at work. I was hoping that I would've become effective at work because I quit smoking and I quit social media, the latter of which was a huge time sink. Surely if I had more time, I would be more efficient? Turns out that the answer is no. I just spend more time doing unnecessary research, and I spend more time trying to do impossible things at the expense of things that ought to be done.

I was talking to my content team and realizing that when I encounter something, a starting point, I tend to have a vision of version 999 that develops. And I tend to get a clearer and clearer sense of what that optimal, perfect case would look like. What I'm really, really bad at doing is figuring out what version 1 should be, and versions 2 through 10. I really ought to just ship a series of version 10s- and that's how I ultimately get to version 999 of anything. What's instead been happening is that I fixate on version 999, try to do it all at once, and I just get overwhelmed and I hate myself. I bite off more than I can chew. And this reduces my Expectancy of what can and cannot be done.

So this year I want to change all that. This year is the year of version 1s and version 10s instead of version 999. I'm going to ship lots of little shitty things and be okay with that. The hardest part, really, is prioritizing what's the bare minimum necessary for something to function effectively. Turns out that a lot of the time, I don't actually know. I think this might be the most important skill I have to develop. (Incidentally, the next most important thing is that I publish this vomit and go to bed, so goodnight.)
So where do we go from here? I feel like I've definitely written about this before, but I'm just going to write it again. It seems like there's a certain amount of repetition necessary for these things to really get internalized. I need to start by prioritizing my sleep, because I work better and think more clearly and experience less fog when I have slept well. That means getting in bed before midnight, preferably before 11. I'm changing my way of thinking about it- it's not just something that happens at the end of everything- it's a priority, because it's fundamentally restorative. My mind without sleep is ugly and useless.

I've found meditation to be helpful– where I just sit on my sofa and look out of the window and breathe for 5-10 minutes. I've found naps to be helpful, too. So I'm making it a point to take a lot more of them moving forward.

In the past, these things seemed like distractions or boring diversions- why bother doing these things when I could squeeze in a bit of work, or more often than not, a bit of pleasure? I realize I do that because I don't trust myself to have time for pleasure after work. In my experience, work expands to fill every little space, every nook and cranny, so if I'm to have to have any pleasure at all, I have to steal little bits here and there, like smoke breaks. I will never have any real time for myself, my saboteur seems to think.

So it's this recursive cluster-fuck. I'm not even sure where it all began, and I'm not sure if there's any point in trying to find out- at least right now. It makes more sense to get rid of the pain first than to think about where the pain come from. Remove the arrow before you worry about who shot you, right? So in my case, the (non-exhaustive list of) conditions are as follows:

I don't believe that I am capable of getting things done, because I have a long and illustrious history of spectacular failures (starting with school, maybe even earlier). This is a deep-rooted, fundamental belief that I rarely state outright because it sounds kinda lame and silly, but it's actually a belief that gets to stay in my head, and I need to work on evicting it. And to do that I need contrary evidence. I think the runs and vomits and meditation sessions are helping.
I don't have deep-rooted systems for managing my time, for managing my appointments. My parents never taught me (bless them, they're good people but they were too kind and allowed me too much freedom.) So I'm like an ignorant, irresponsible child in this regard. I just don't know how to think about time. I don't know how to think about the future. I can think FAR into the future- I can think about the eventual heat death of the universe and how it renders all of this living business kinda pointless and redundant. I can think about what it would be like to witness my loved ones dying. But somehow I struggle to think about deadlines looming next week.
I'm terrible at projecting how long any given task might take. I systematically underestimate them. Part of this is that I hate to upset or displease people, so I try to give them things as quickly as possible. Another part of this is that I'm literally bad at estimating things. I assume perfect conditions, no distractions, insane work ethic, etc. And then these assumptions all get broken, and I hate myself again.
I'm impulsive and distractible, more than most people. I can easily spend an entire day on social media, no problem. I can spend an entire day doing anything that isn't work. I'm not sure if I've ever spent an entire day working, and I'm starting to get curious if it's possible. I can easily finish entire tubes of mentos and nerds and sweets. I can do random nonsense and wonder where the past 4-6 hours had gone.

Nyeh. I'm sure there's more, but thinking about it further isn't very helpful to me right now– what matters is that I take action. My real goal here was to finish a word vomit. The vomit is done. It's before 1pm. I can now do a bunch of chores. Today, I have earned my keep, I have taken baby steps towards the goal that I have set for myself. I'll maybe do it again tonight before I sleep. And I'll do it again tomorrow morning.

–

[1] There are supposedly 4 parts (expectancy, value, impulsiveness, delay) to The Procrastination Equation- I'm guessing there's actually more, but there are at least these 4 parts. Thinking a little more about it, I'm guessing those are broader, bigger conditions that influence those 4 elements. But I digress.

Yesterday, I took a post-nap lunch at about 1pm, and I woke up at 4pm. Earlier today, I took a nap at around 145pm, and I woke up at around 445pm. These are only two data points, but it seems like the 3-hour mid-afternoon nap is a robust system. I'm curious to see what happens if I sleep earlier or later. I should test it.

There are few things here that I'd like to meditate on. One is that I clearly need more sleep than I've been getting these past few weeks. I feel more alert for sure. Another is that I'm more sold on the idea– I'm pretty sure I've written about this before in the past– yup, I have.

But somehow I've never fully gotten around to internalizing that wisdom. The idea makes sense to me, and it doesn't blow my mind the way it first did when I first thought about it, but I think I've begun to develop a more practical appreciation for it now. Which is my long-winded way of saying I think I've gotten better at paying attention to my natural rhythms and cadences.

The first time I had a session in a sensory deprivation tank (at palm ave float club, I highly recommend it. Tell them Visa sent you), I remember becoming very aware of my breathing. I realized that I take such shallow breaths most of the time. I tend to be naturally hunched and cramped up rather than open and 'full'- I don't want to get all touchy-feely here- it's mainly a body language thing, and it feels like I've conditioned myself over the years to make myself smaller, maybe so I fit in better. Maybe.

And the shallow breaths thing- why? Well, why do people normally take shallow breaths? Apparently it's correlated with stress, anxiety, nervousness. And it feels like those things have been constants in my life for a very, very long time– since I was a kid, maybe.

Again, I don't know, and again, it feels like it's not so important to know– it's more important that I know how to respond, how to react. That's where meditation comes in. That's where exercise comes in. And even things like body language and self-talk, and how I think about stress. I'm going to run right after I finish this vomit.

Aside– Am I stuck right now? While I've been sleeping more, my mind isn't necessarily clearer. But I think that's normal, I think this is sort of a transitional stage. I need to eat better, too. I haven't been eating. There isn't enough sugar in my bloodstream or something. So I went to get some glucose.

It's funny. I've had all these really big dreams and ideas and ruminations over the past decade, but I think the most important thing for me to do in my life right now is actually to fix the most boring, mundane things.

I keep feeling like I need to have something important or profound to say, and I know that I have some useful things inside of me, but I can't access them because my most basic, fundamental needs aren't quite met properly.

I know for a fact for example– I was telling my wife this in conversation yesterday- that if I just keep to a writing schedule and publish a word vomit every single day (this is my second day writing two, but this is a weekend so I don't know, and I don't want to make unhealthy projections that I can't keep up with), then sooner or later I'll unearth interesting things that are useful to people. I just know it. Because I get to witness my thoughts and I know that most of them are boring but some of them are interesting, and the few times I've managed to get everything aligned right- the right mood, the right words, the right tempo- it DOES go on to be useful to people, and people share it. And that stuff came through me.

I wanted to say "came out of me", and I wonder when I lost that idea of being a conduit- that things come through you, not from you, and that ideas don't quite belong to you- they may be manifest in your mind, in the atoms that make up the person you call you, but really they came from somewhere before you, beyond you, outside of you, and they just happen to be in the vessel of you for a little while- for the briefest of moments.

So why do I have all this performance anxiety, this constant need and urge to get everything right? It wouldn't be such a big deal if the anxiety actually meant that I actually DID get things right, but more often than not I just cramp up and screw up and feel really bad- and that's not very helpful at all. What I actually need to do is chill out, relax, breathe deeply and know that it's okay for me to miss out on all the things that are out of reach. Because I have me, and that's actually quite interesting (for myself). I have a body and a mind and there's a wealth of insight and experience and beauty for me to enjoy, and I can do that.

I know, kinda fluffy. But it's the sentiment that matters rather than the specific words.

I was thinking the other day that I had forgotten what I was curious about. Insights are rarely altogether new, they tend to be new configurations of old, revisited insights that had somehow gone dark, gotten dusty and lost their lustre. I'm not really sure if there's anything I'm going to discover in the world that I don't already know, and that might be a good thing. [1]

But I'm talking about basic daily wisdom, about motivation, about going to bed with a smile every night, feeling like the day was well spent. I think that sort of wisdom has been established for thousands of years, and the only thing that needs to happen is for it to be practiced.

What's stopped me from practicing the wisdom I know I ought to be practicing? At some point it seemed a little dry and boring and lame, and all of those things remained relatively true until I was put in circumstances where I couldn't do what I wanted without getting those things done first. What else? I'm reminded of the motivational talk Al Pacino's character gave the football players- you don't know until you start losing stuff. Living is about clawing for the 6 inches in front of your face. And maybe I was really just too privileged, too lucky, too comfortable, too happy. Who knows. I doubt I can reduce all of it into a couple of lines, and again, I'm not so sure if it really matters.

What matters is that I know now that daily practice is the only thing that has a decent shot at getting me away from the person I no longer want to be, towards the person that I want to become. I may have said this before, which is good- because repetition is necessary for learning. I will repeat it a thousand times if it's necessary. My brain's a little odd that way. I may have to learn other things along the way- so be it, I'll figure out those things as I go.

It's time to run now.

[1] Though I wouldn't be so quick to write the world off like that! The world is going to blow everybody's minds, now more than ever, what with cryptocurrencies and 3D printing and brain-controlled artificial limbs and whatnot.
Since unfriending everybody, I've gotten quite a bit more headspace to think about other things.

It's been lonely, I have to admit. I've been very isolated for the past year. The only human contact I have is with my wife at home and with my colleagues at work. I stopped hanging out with old friends (partially a geographic issue- I was no longer where all my old friends were, and I have no close friends who live where I moved to). I unfollowed and unfriended everybody on Twitter and Facebook, and I deleted as many accounts as I could. And then I went on a sort of radio silence.

I did this because I wanted to know who I was away from all of that noise. I had become really good at responding and replying to other people's statuses and updates, and I was keeping track of lots of people's lives, whether intentionally or otherwise. RescueTime told me that I was spending 3-5 hours a day on social media, sometimes more. I was feeling 'stuck' at work and with my personal projects, so I felt like it would make a lot of sense to just let go of the 3-5 hours altogether.

I was a little afraid to do it, but I decided that it didn't make sense to live in fear of what people might think. Why stay friends with people who get so easily offended at you leaving a space, especially if you felt it was necessary for your emotional and psychological well-being? I wanted to know who my real friends were. I wanted to know who would reach out to me if I were gone, who would notice if I were missing.

Initially it was a little daunting, and I started by unfollowing people that I never had any contact with, no real conversations, no real discussions. Then I unfollowed the people who I felt were a little toxic for me- people with whom my interactions were rather combative, forceful, argumentative, etc. I then started gathering momentum, and I decided to unfriend even my close friends and colleagues, people I cared very much about. I unfollowed everybody. And then suddenly, all was quiet.

It was simultaneously more and less than I expected. The quiet was palpable. I would still log into Facebook and Twitter out of habit and impulse, and see that there was nothing there to see. I would catch myself logging in again and again, and it would be clear that the habit had formed. And each time I would encounter nothingness, and that would be a cue for me to contemplate. How much I had grown dependent on these services to fill up my hours, to make me feel like I was doing something. Over time, I would spend less and less time on those platforms. I posted a couple of links to good reads– again, out of habit, and I'd find that nobody responded. And so it felt like I was losing the feedback that kept me going- those notifications, those little dings that kept me going. And so the whole thing started to sort of wilt and die out.

So, what do I do with all this extra headspace? I haven't decided yet, actually. I feel like my mind has been very foggy and cluttered lately. But it's not like these are new things. I'm just waking up to the mess that was here all along, that I was distracting myself from. And some of it has been scary and painful to face. But it feels really necessary. What am I talking about?

I guess– in the absence of peripheral peer approval- which I had gotten pretty good at getting- I wasn't super clear about what I wanted. Or if I was clear, that clarity was fleeting- and maybe I'll find bits and pieces of it when I review my writing.

Will I always be this total recluse? No, absolutely not. I can't survive like this indefinitely. I definitely need human contact. But I guess I had approached the problem of "I need human contact" in a very inelegant, wanton, messy, unaesthetic, unimaginative way, with left me with all sorts of people that weren't necessarily good for me. I hadn't pruned and tended to my garden, and as a result I had a whole bunch of crap and mess and ugly that was painful and unsightly to deal with. So I burned the whole thing to the ground. And before I start again, I'm using this space to ruminate, to meditate, to reminisce. To figure out what really matters to me, what I really want out of the remainder of my days, what I really want out of my relationships.

What do I want? I want peers that I really respect and admire, and I want to become a person who those people admire. I want to be at the forefront of humanity (as I choose to define it- yeah, I know that life isn't a competition, but I think some people are doing more amazing things than others, and I want to align myself with the people who are doing amazing things- because I think they have a better sense of reality, and they have more fun, and they're just happier and more fun to be with, and they say and do more interesting things...)

I'm confident that I'll get there if I just put in the work. I just need to keep putting in the work. I need to maintain a daily discipline. I need to manage my time better, have more output, prioritize things. I need to write more, and I need to focus on things that are worth writing about. But even that might be premature optimization. I need to trust myself and just do a little bit of writing everyday. Every single day. And I need to sleep early. That's it. It's not that complicated. I've been complicating things, kicking up a dust and then struggling to see. I think I've been doing all that kicking because I used to be such an inactive bum. I've been driving myself to blind overwork so that I can collapse from exhaustion rather than laziness, and learn from that point.

I think a part of it might be narrative, which even I've bought into without realizing or not. While I hate the idea of busywork, I think it's easier to do too much busywork, burnout and then recover from that point... than it is to start out as a lazy bum and become effective from there. I don't know. I'm just validating my own narrative. We'll see. Just putting this out there. It isn't nearly as important as actually just getting the important work done.

Done.
What's my deeper why? Why do I care? Why do I do anything? 

I have retold my own story to myself and others so many times that I'm no longer clear about what the most accurate origin story is- if there's one at all. I'd just switch to whichever is most convenient, I'm sure? I used to read a lot because it was interesting to explore all these worlds and perspectives and ideas. It was thrilling, moving. And then I transitioned from being interested into other worlds to being interested in my own, the immediate things around me... gah. Boring. Where can we go that's new?

I think I'm fundamentally lonely. I think that's an embarrassing thing to say because it sounds selfish, self-obsessed, egoistic, so on and so forth. And I definitely don't want to be any of those things. But I do get bored of regular folks. I'm not sure why. I wish this wasn't the case. But I find myself craving for the company of people who are more inspiring, more interesting, more compelling. People who are doing interesting things at a planetary, species-level. I'd like to work towards being that sort of relevant. Why? I just...

I guess I've never really felt like I fit in. I've never really felt like I had a group of friends I could well and truly call my own. I've never really belonged. I've always been a semi-outcast- sociable enough to get along (at least in my later years- really, I don't know any more). I had peer groups here and there, and people I hung out with, and some of them I shared interests with. I had my musician friends, I had people I'd chat about video games with. I'd have people who I'd smoke and drink with and talk about life and our plans for the future and world domination and all of those things. But I don't know, man. I don't feel like any of that really fulfills me anymore.

What would really fulfill me? I think I'd like to be really, deeply useful to a lot of people. I have this odd obsession with scale that I think not many other people have. I find the idea of being a good husband and father and friend, a valuable member of a small community to be somehow limiting, to be playing it too small. And I understand that those basics might have to be met before you can become something greater. (Maybe. Maybe not. We'll see.) But I want to quickly be useful to the most important people in the world who are doing the most interesting, challenging things. I know that ultimately I'm just a bundle of atoms that's aware of itself, and aware of other bundles. I'd like to have been useful to as many other bundles of atoms as possible.

Again, dude, why? Why bother?

Here's what I know- being small is boring. Very painfully boring. Sitting on reddit is boring. Drinking and smoking and playing video games is boring. Creating video games, now that might be more interesting. Helping people think better, more clearly, expand their minds, that might be more interesting. I need to be a creator because consumption alone is passive and unfulfilling.

What do you mean by fulfilling or unfufilling?

Well- I guess I feel anxious and worried all the time, for most of my life, and I know that life shouldn't be spent that way. Life should be spent smiling and laughing deep belly laughs, and learning and growing. And for some time I felt like I haven't been laughing, haven't been learning, haven't been growing. And the main reason for this is that I get swept up in all sorts of currents.

What currents? Why?

Well- I think at some point I lost faith in my own ability to make decisions for myself. (Is this really true?) This is the narrative I have right now, it's worth examining and stress-testing. At some point I just kept screwing up and failing at school, and I felt like... I felt like it must have been because there was something deeply wrong with school itself, which must've been why I was so terrible at following rules and instructions. I wasn't rebelling because I didn't like my teachers or anything like that. I liked a lot of people. I was friendly, bright, alert, helpful. I just hated the institution itself. Is this true? I think so, but I'll need to verify that...

Anyway so I built up a lot of experience failing and screwing up at being accountable, being responsible. So there's this dark, dingy, disgusting room in my brain there- it's like a rotting pile of filth, and I just try to ignore it and function despite it. It's the elephant in the room- the fact that I fail at this most fundamental sort of human functioning. How to get things done. How to keep to a schedule. How to make plans. I can't do any of that. And it causes me a lot of anxiety and I'd like to be rid of that.

Ultimately- I feel like I can be useful. I feel like I have skills and perspectives that others don't, and I ought to apply them in service to the world. But even before that- I'd like to live life without painful guilt and anxiety. I quit smoking. I quit social media. And I'm going to quit this ridiculous guilt and anxiety nonsense. It's just a matter of time and effort, and I will figure this shit out. It's literally the single most important thing I can do to improve my own quality of life.

[1] I once read someone else describe productivity as driving from one destination to another. You start on the small roads, with all the traffic lights- it takes a lot of time, and then you get to the highway, which is thrilling and fast. But then to get to the destination you have to go off the highway and onto all the small roads again. The small roads take up 20% of the distance travelled but 80% of the travel time. So even when you've covered 80% of the distance, you still have 80% of the journey left. It's very counter-intuitive for me, and I've never properly internalized this.
I had a thought recently that the most annoying thing is Bullshit. Bullshit is noisy information that's produced by people who are indifferent to truth. Bullshit is something inaccurate and/or invalid that is passed off as valid.

The annoying thing about Bullshit is that it's often not immediately obvious as noise. It attempts to pass itself off as signal, or is interpreted and passed on by intermediaries as signal. This can be confusing.

Truth is that which doesn't disappear when you stop believing in it. Truth is often painful, harsh, inconvenient. Speaking truth to Bullshitters is often a lost cause. There are sunk costs to being a Bullshitter, and people who Bullshit are rarely interesred in the truth. And this is completely rational for them as long as their environment permits it. Bullshit is comforting, familiar, and it feels good.

So why truth over Bullshit? Bullshit allows you to be the perceived master of your unique/limited domain. Truthism allows you to navigate across domains- or at least it provides you with the tools you need to start down that path (or to get even more nuanced, it's a starting point / mindset that gets you looking in the right direction).

To be less abstract- Bullshit is pleasant until reality forces you to verify it. Bullshit is unverified claims, like "I didn't do well because I didn't study". You can tell yourself and others that story for as long as you like, and it feels good until you're made to prove it. When you're put in a position where you need to do well. That's when you'll discover that you cannot actually deliver- that your failure to perform wasn't a simple, noble act of rebellion (sour grapes is Bullshit) but a much more complex cocktail of incompetence.

This is where it gets a bit scary- realizing that the brain is a natural Bullshitter. Richard Fen man alluded to this: - "The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool."

Different people may have different predispositions to this, and maybe environment, upbringing and peer groups (and your identity, but I repeat myself) influence this, but for the most part I think we're all designed to think what is convenient rather than what is verifiably accurate.

I'm reminded of a quote somewhere else- maybe LessWrong- that science persists because it is powerful, not because it is true. Truth eventually becomes a source of power- understanding physics and engineering allows you to make superior weapons. If science were comforting, it would dominate all religions. But it isn't, and so it doesn't.

Science does yield insights that can be immensely profound, but these things are not comfortable. Science persists and triumphs by being right, valid, verifiable, repeatable.

Okay so science is painful but good, Bullshit is comforting but ultimately confusing.

Here's the other thought- reality reveals itself (and Bullshit gets exposed) at boundary conditions. We learn how the brain works by observing patients with brain damage. You find out what's truly important to you when you're about to die. If you're struggling to prioritize things, it helps to go for an intense run. I've found this helpful, at least. My brain can't juggle Bullshit and it's need for oxygen at the same time, so it drops the Bullshit. The insights we get in such moments should be enduring- they're still valid when the Bullshit returns.

This helps me understand better why some people do crazy shit. Because Bullshit breaks down at the boundaries.

What are the implications, then? What should I do? If I'm philosophically opposed to Bullshit, the solution is to test all claims, beliefs, hypotheses and ideas for Bullshit by pushing them to boundary conditions. If I think I want to do X, I should test that idea by being extreme about it. These word vomits are an example. Writing 1,000,000 words is a good way of testing whether or not you actually enjoy writing. I think it's pretty clear where I stand about this.

But what else? What other beliefs are living rent-free in my head? I'm not sure. But these are things that I want to test. I believe that I can do X. I believe that i can do Y. I know now, for instance, that I can do 4 word vomits in a day. Can I do 10? I feel like I could do 10, but is that actually possible, or just Bullshit?

Until I can prove it, it's technically Bullshit. It's just an idea I carry in my head to feel good about myself. I have all this potential, wow, so special, so amaze. I have to eliminate "theoretically" from my vocabulary. Theory can be useful sometimes, but for my purposes, for my current station in life, experience is far more relevant. "I've done" is way more relevant than "I think I can do...", which for me has always been problematic.

Okay, time to work.
What about freedom? Old English freodom "power of self-determination, state of free will; emancipation from slavery, deliverance;". Old English freo "free, exempt from, not in bondage, acting of one's own will," also "noble; joyful," from Proto-Germanic *frija- "beloved; not in bondage", from PIE *priy-a- "dear, beloved," from root *pri- "to love" (cognates: Sanskrit priyah "own, dear, beloved," priyate "loves;" Old Church Slavonic prijati "to help," prijatelji "friend;" Welsh rhydd "free").

Interesting how love got all tied up in there. Etymology is really a beautiful thing.

I don't know abut human communities and societies. I don't know about nations and tribes. I'm writing about this from the perspective of a single human mind, my own. And by freedom I mean loosely the ability to do what 'I' (which is itself a complicated and messy concept, very likely to be fiction altogether) want to do.

Pause. Let me reframe that. There's two kinds of freedom- 'freedom from' and 'freedom to'. The latter is messy and I want to rule out talking about that for now. I just want to talk about 'freedom from'.

Freedom from what? From base appetites. From anxiety. From fear. From social expectations. From all the things that typically keep you from doing the things you otherwise say you want to do. (Saying you want to do something is a whole new can of worms though.)

I've always thought of myself as a pacifist. I don't like fights and fighting, and I've shied away from every single one that I've ever encountered. I typically just apologise, claim responsibility and strive to be as diplomatic and neutral as possible.

But I've come to realize that there are some circumstances in which neutrality does not work and is not relevant. There are some circumstances in which negotiations get you nowhere.

This applies at many scales of reality. I'd prefer to talk about the less contentious ones. Consider for example, running an online community. And consider censorship, editing, deletions and bans as acts of violence. (Edits can be artfully done, using subtle, consensual persuasion). But bans and deletes are definitely violent acts, at least in the context of an online forum.

Imagine a world where the only way to communicate with other human beings was through an online forum. Now imagine being arbitrarily banned by a powerful moderator without warning. You get a sense of why that might be considered a violent act. Isolation and exile are known to be some of the most torturous things you can do to a person.

Any online community that gets sufficiently large becomes used and/or exploited for marketing purposes. It's simple economics- the larger a community becomes, or the more apparent the purchasing power of the members of a particular community, the more lucrative it becomes to advertise on that channel. Reddit and Quora are great case studies for this.

What do you do once your forum starts attracting spam? You have to moderate and delete, because otherwise you drive off your most valuable contributors. The forum suffers from the evaporative - cooling effect and dies a slow, painful death. You might say that your forum has some ground rules or basic standards- fine, fair enough, that's just preemptive, institutionalised violence. It's order that's instituted by the looming threat of violence, which hopefully nobody will have to use, witness or be subjected to.

Let's leave forums for a moment and think about neurons within a brain. Okay- I'm no neuroscientist and I don't actually know how the brain works. Let's think about thoughts and how different thoughts coexist in the mind. The mind is rich and full of all sorts of messy, convoluted thoughts. Happy thoughts, sad thoughts, angry thoughts. Positive thoughts, negative thoughts, thoughts about thoughts. Base thoughts, sublime thoughts. Many of these thoughts should be able to safely coexist.

But what happens when some thoughts are volatile to others? When some thoughts "damage" or "disrupt" the "community" of your thoughts? Again, you can't really have a complete anarchy of mind- there's some sort of order that emerges, some central control or semblance of control, some order. These things seem to be socially divined- we keep ourselves from burping and farting and belching and defecating in the presence of others, we make it a point to be civilized, blah blah- all of that is for the smooth functioning of society. We destroy a certain uncouth, 'barbaric' part of ourselves in the service of social relations. This is rarely framed as a loss, because it's always implied that the highest status people of any social group are the most civilized of all, and the rest of us ought to aspire to be so refined. But is refinement necessarily a good thing, and necessarily something that we should desire, and most importantly, do we lose something in the process?

I make the case that any time we seek to do something, to achieve something, to build something, we have to get rid of something else. That's creative destruction. You have to break eggs to make an omelette. You have to kill a smoker inside of you to live healthily. You have to kill the resistance to make art. I'm not doing this justice and I'm going to end the vomit here so that I go to bed, but the basic idea is-

aren't the demons in your head equally valid denizens, citizens? And isn't it basically impossible to live a happy, healthy life without bludgeoning them to death? You can't peacefully co-exist with those who will have you hurt. Freedom requires violence.
I only have a couple of data points [1] but I've been enjoying watching videos by accomplished people giving long talks at conferences- particularly, videos that few people seem to have watched in their entirety. I get a sense that I'm exploring something lost, forgotten, ignored- like secret books. (I'm reminded now of how– according to Paul Graham at least– at one point the Most Important Task for academics and intellectuals was simply to transcribe the lost work and wisdom of the Ancients- the Greeks and all.)

So far I've watched talks by Ev Williams, a chat between Paul Graham and Marc Andreessen, Harley Finkelstein, a talk by the Airbnb Growth team, and most recently a keynote by Tobias Lutke of Shopify. And a few others that don't immediately come to mind. (Transcriptions: ev, tobi, harley, airbnb)

That last one was the most recent and I want to write about my thoughts about it.

Tobi talked about his personal growth as an individual- from being a kid in school obsessed with getting a pair of Air Jordan sneakers to impress the popular kids, to being an apprentice at Siemens with a great mentor, and then to becoming the founder and CEO of a company that sold snowboards- Shopify.

He described well how at each point in life he was in a 'box'- a self-contained world that's internally consistent. The Siemens box was larger and more complex than the middle school box. More hierarchy, more players, etc. The world becomes more rich.

He then talked about how he had a mentor whose box was so much bigger than his- and how just spending time with him was enough to expand his mind (which reminds me of my experience first joining ReferralCandy- which I think I sometimes take for granted). He closed his talk with a video narrated by Carl Sagan, who had a huge box- thinking in terms of millenia, at the level of the species and beyond.

I think I'm sold on the idea that this is how life should be spent, despite the inevitability of our own deaths and the death of the universe. To do otherwise is stale, boring. Only by breaking your existing boxes- by deliberately seeking out the seams and breaking them- do you keep learning.

And I guess here I have to make a realization and confession- which is that I HAVE gotten complacent. It's a strange thing to say because I'm working harder than I've ever worked in my life. But I guess that's what happens after you leave a box that you've been in for a very long time- perhaps all your life. When is it time to start on the next box? The answer is now, of course. It's always now, unless you need to rest or take a break- but once you can look up and get up, you're on to the next box. That's the nature of the infinite game.

I got comfortable where I am. I allowed myself to be a little messy, a little inefficient. I got overwhelmed and I lost sight of my next box.

I also like how Tobi made a point to talk about the importance of working on things with other people who are also aware of their boxes, who are also working to transcend them. I think it's very difficult (for me at least) to stay focused on some sort of personal development goal without meshing your goals with others.

And I realize that's where I want to be. It's scary and difficult and painful, but it's also challenging and interesting and exciting. When did I start becoming afraid of challenges? It's so subtle and insidious. But I have time. I'm young. I'm hungry. I'm privileged. I can and will break my boxes and help other people break theirs. We'll keep doing it, and we'll help to realize the visions of Da Vinci and Ben Franklin and Sagan- and if it's not up to us, then we'll make it possible for those who come after us. That's it, that's entirely it, that's all we have.

And it starts so small. Laughably, amusingly small. It starts with sleeping habits and eating habits and how I spend my little chunks of time- as well as how how prioritize my days. Very sobering to think that how I manage my own time might have an impact on people less privileged than me, because if I grow and learn faster, I can help more people. Kind of a scary thought, because it makes me responsible for the things that I haven't done, and that feels really odd and counter-intuitive. And it would also leave me eternally unsatisfied, and I don't want to live like that. I suppose the only thing you can do is measure yourself against the effort you've put in. You have to go to bed every day feeling like you've made a good effort, and you review that effort, and you do better the next day, and the next week. I mean, none of this is new, none of this is rocket science. But hey, I've been shipping these word vomits at a nice frequency the past few days. I don't want to get too fixated on it- the idea is to keep going, not to pat myself on the back and then slip. Because I often slip- I've always slipped.

But hey, I quit smoking. And I quit social media. And I can and will quit slipping, at least 99% of the time.

[1] A funny thought- I think I have quite a lot of data points of me saying "I only have a couple of data points". I wonder what I can infer from that. Nothing I don't already know, I guess- I get bored and distracted too early, even from things that I say I want or things that I care about. I suppose the thing is to then pre commit to the long haul. Which I've done with work, with marriage, and with these word vomits. It won't work out by itself, but it will work out- because I will make it so. I just need to make myself make it so.
This is the most important question in my life right now. If I sleep better, I have more clarity of mind. I make better decisions. I wake earlier, and when I wake earlier I'm likelier to do my morning reflections, go for a run, plan my day and so on.

Sleep is an astoundingly powerful first principle and I'm definitely underestimating it. To make things worse, sleep deprivation diminishes my consciousness- I become groggy and muddled. I take longer to make simple decisions, and I make bad calls.

I've quit smoking. I've started eating healthier. [1] I'm somewhat more systematic at work- that's still a work in progress. [2] I've started exercising- also a work in progress. [3]

But sleep... I've still been stuck in my current state for quite a while.

First step to improving sleep was to get a house of my own. I sleep better in my own home. Then we got a screen to block out the night lights. Then we taped up all the little lights to make the room almost pitch black. We bought air conditioning for the warm nights. Everything I need for the physical sleeping experience is there- ideally I'd like a bigger room with a bigger bed but that's in the future. What can I do for myself now?

My main problem is that I don't prioritise sleep the way I'm learning to prioritise, say, exercise. It seems like I've simply never learnt to prioritise anything ever. [4]

So I need to make sleep a priority. Am I aware that this is true, is there some weight behind it? Yes. I have many data points telling me that sleep is good and not sleeping is bad, and that Life Is Better when I sleep early. I've been writing about this for years, hoping perhaps that when I finally need or decide to make the decision, I already have all the evidence I need. [5]

Well, it's time to make the decision. Sleep is an important priority. I want to improve my quality of life. Sleep directly achieves that, AND puts me in a better state to make even better decisions about everything else. It's clearly important and I have to prioritise it. This is the statement of intent.

Why is this even necessary? Why am I not already sleeping well- what is competing? Work, play. I have a habit of thinking/feeling that I need to do more work at night, that I need to squeeze in more of everything at night because I won't have time to do anything. It's all dark playground and mixed feelings park.

I feel like I'm overcomplicating things at this point. I don't sleep early firstly because I've been a habitual late sleeper. If I sleep late regularly, then I'm going to keep sleeping late- the habit perpetuates. If I want to get out of the cycle I'm going to have to intentionally, willfully break it, even if there's no good reason why it's been like that.

What's keeping me from sleeping earlier? I guess I worry that I won't wake early if I sleep early- it feels like if I sleep early, I just sleep longer and end up waking up late anyway, and not at all well-rested, so it feels like it doesn't make any difference. But I know intellectually that doesn't make sense- sleep is ultimately like calories. If you consume more calories than you expend, you're eventually going to gain weight. And if you sleep early enough, and longer for a few hours, you're going to be more well rested. I must have all sorts of sleep debt that I need to recover from.

So I guess I should be okay with sleeping earlier for a few days- up to a month, maybe. If I sleep early and still wake late a month later, then that's a problem. But it shouldn't last more than a week or two. Then I should start waking earlier.

I also need to have a sleep ritual of sorts- start shutting down my computers and screens, and maybe get in bed with a book. That should make a sizeable difference. I'm going to do that. We'll see how it goes.

[1] It started with the Big Bird salad wrap at Salad Stop. Every time I eat it I feel my eyes brighten- I feel fresher and more clear headed. Ingredients include avocado, grapes, turkey breast, celery. My wife has since persuaded me to eat more of such things.

[2] This is probably my next most important question after sleep. Why have I taken so long to get systematic at work? Why do I keep switching between systems, which is the most important? Which is the most effective and how do I stick to it?

[3] Pull ups, burpees and short sprinty-runs seem to be working well for me. Not sure if I should tamper or tinker with that. I should probably just start measuring them.

[4] Is this actually true? How about in things I like, such as video games? [A] Or- well, even in writing. I'm only JUST learning to prioritise a single train of thought. Previously my word vomits would be completely unstructured and I'd pursue every single new train of thought. Now I at least know to relegate these side thoughts to footnotes. If I need/want to, I can always expand on them later. But making them into footnotes has this lovely effect of reminding me that there's a main body that I need to get back to.

[A] Do I prioritise in video games? Doesn't actually seem to be the case. I tend to just repeat the same bits over and over and over again.

For all my brains, a remarkable amount of my approach to things is "just stick with it and you'll eventually figure it out." Of course, "eventually" also means developing structures and systems out of chaos. So perhaps it's a sort of Oedipal scenario where to avoid doing X, you do Y... which is a road that lead to doing X. Initial annoyance aside, it's all irrelevant as long as the quest is fulfilled.

[5] This thought makes me a little emotional. It's like I'm playing this elaborate team game with myself- I can't make the best decision now, perhaps because of time blindness, but I'm going to make damn sure that future me has everything he needs to make an informed decision.

I need to refine my statements. When I say "get mad", I don't mean a blind, vengeful, wrathful state that's uncontrollable, violent, childishly aggressive. I'm talking about a cool, calculated madness that empowers and enables the possessed to be monomaniacally focused.

Focus and persistence requires energy. It requires the devotion of that energy over and over again to the same pursuit. It requires a certain intensity- and that intensity is what I am talking about. Life should be intense on some dimension. Some people achieve this through drugs and violence, or human drama. Arguments, fights, stress. I've experienced a little bit of that in the past and it's really childish and boring- at least that was my experience.

I think the best way to experience that is by contributing beyond ourselves to bettering the lives of others. And yet... I have found that rather hard to do. I have found it hard to put myself in a position where I can focus on helping others. Why? I'm not sure. I know that I want to help people, but a lot of it feels like me just passing time, me just entertaining myself. [2]

I'm not sure if that's necessarily a problem. Thinking that I'm pursuing meaning might be a losing game. I'm pursuing pleasure. I want to be excited. I want to experience flow. I want to feel connected with other humans I respect and admire. What is exciting and Interesting? Progress. The advancement of the species. If that's too abstract- the advancement of myself.

But personal development for its own sake is something that I don't seem enlightened enough to pursue. I forget about it. It doesn't seem to excite or thrill me, probably because I'm too obtuse to fully appreciate the implications. Should I try to challenge myself to appreciate the implications? [3] Or should I perhaps attempt to focus on things that seem sensible in the moderate, conceivable future? Both of course, but what would I prioritise?

For the time being it seems to me that the latter makes more sense. It's more manageable and has a better shot at yielding some sort of payoff. Also my life has stakes and I can't afford the sort of open-ended experimentation that young privileged people tend to be able to have. [4]

What do I do then? I could focus on just getting by. Doing enough to survive and a little bit more, and then getting myself scraps of pleasure and joy where I can. This has been my primary mode so far and I have found it unsatisfactory. I am aware of the hedonic treadmill and that Life will always be defined to a large extent by dissatisfaction- but I think there are broad general states that are significantly different. There will always be some frustration in work, but a job you love is dramatically better than a job you hate. I find myself thinking about people who suffer from having a mismatch between their genders and/or sexual orientation and the world around them. For a trans person, for example, life before transitioning is often substantially more miserable than life after. Dissatisfaction, body image issues, etc are all still problems, but there's clearly a deep difference.

What if this is the case for other things outside of gender and sexual orientation? This seems to me to be something that is almost obviously far more likely to be true than false. I think this is clear to me because I was clearly horribly mismatched in school. Suppose ADHD doesn't exist. Why did I behave so differently from all the rest? Why was I so much less likely to do my homework? If it's because I was lazy or selfish- why? Why was I so much lazier and more selfish than all the other kids?

A part of why I am writing these million words is to make a statement, which is this: I Am Not Lazy. It makes me mad to think that people older than me told me that I was lazy and I believed it. I understand of course that they were themselves affected by all sorts of difficulties and constraints. To them I was a nuisance, something to be dealt with. I can understand that. I don't blame any particular Individual for it. But it gives me something to be mad about all the same.

That is not why I started writing this. I could find a way to blow it off if the world thought I were lazy. Fuck it, let them be right, I don't have to care. But it's not just about me. It's about everybody else who's maligned. There's more to this. I'll continue another time.

[1]At the extreme end, existence is absurd and we are all mad. Sure. But that itself doesn't explain the range of behavior that we see in the world around us.

[2] And yeah, everything we do is to amuse ourselves- to release chemicals in our brains. The hypothesis here is that making a 'real' difference to other people somehow feels better than imagining it, fantasising about it, achieving the corresponding beliefs through fantasy, illusion, self-deception. Or collaborative self-delusion. Mass delusions feel completely valid to the delusional, no? Their brains literally experience the joy and euphoria that the rest of us mostly hope to achieve.

And of course in the final grand scheme of things we are all inconsequential and nothing matters. Always good to keep that in perspective. But later we will have to poop and pee and eat and drink, and in the persistence of this existence- we, as functions of the galaxy, of the universe, will have to play our roles anyway. So we might as well play roles that please us.

Something like that.

[3] This is a complicated thing I'll have to address later, if I ever do at all.

[4] The reality is that most people in the world live very difficult lives, defined more by their responsibilities and obligations than their freedoms. So I'm still far more lucky, fortunate and privileged than most. Yet for all I know there may be poor village children in Africa who are, neurologically speaking, more happy and satisfied with life than I am- despite being materially worse off. It's really a lot about perspective. But perspective aside, do we or do we not have an obligation to improve the lots of others? Or is it good enough to alter their experience? I change my mind about this from time to time.
Let's talk about my awareness of my own frustration.

Sometimes I am aware of the frustration, sometimes I am not.

When I am aware of the frustration, sometimes I know what to do about it, sometimes I do not.

What are frustrations that I'm aware of + know what to do about?
What are frustrations that I'm aware of but don't know what to do about?

These feel like the kiddy questions, though it's worth reminding myself that kiddy questions are sometimes still very worth solving. Or rather, I tend to underestimate the value of solving "kiddy" questions, because they SEEM trivial.

Then there are the harder questions.

What are the frustrations that I'm not aware of? Of these frustrations, are there any that I actually know what to do about? (Probably not.) How do I figure out what I'm frustrated about but not aware of? These are probably things that I assume to be perennial aspects of my reality, when they are only circumstantial or temporary in some way.

I like writing. Sometimes I write because I know that I'm frustrated. Sometimes I write because of a vague feeling, and only midway through the writing do I realize what I'm actually frustrated about. And sometimes I write thinking that I'm frustrated about X (this is the case), and then find that in trying to explain why I'm frustrated about X, I'm actually more concerned with Y.

In this case, that means understanding the nature of my frustration itself. How am I frustrated? Why am I frustrated? What should I do about all of it? I should go and sit and relax and meditate, and after my mind calms down, whatever remains that seems to be bothering me, I should deal with that. After having applied all the broad context, big picture sort of treatments.

I think in my particular case I am frustrated with the way that I'm living my life. I want to be living with these big, artful dance movements. I have this picture in my head of me being really fluid, graceful and smooth, in all senses of all things, but in reality I stutter and start and stop in a really painful, tense way. I want to relax, take big breaths, be calm and clear and focused. I'm being a little vague here- I don't just mean these things in a physical sense, but in an emotional sense as well. And in the way I do my work. And in the way I interact with people. A sort of full-bodied, deep-breathing, wide-dancing way of life. I want that. I want to work towards that.

I think the first step towards that is actually to take bigger movements. Not to take bigger bites, but to be more deliberate in making big movements, and then filling up as much as I can. Hitting all the major and important things in big, broad strokes. I tend to focus on little details. I could write an entire separate vomit about this, and I think I will.

[1] I'm frustrated in particular about the shallowness of most interactions. Immediately, I can think of two camps that many people into– superficial agreement that we live in shallow times (/r/lewronggeneration), or a more defensive "Hey, humans have always been shallow, not all our interactions are shallow, get off your fucking high horse" position. That's how the top couple of comments on a reddit thread about superficiality would probably look like. A more interesting, nuanced point might be how superficiality has always been a part of humanity, and obviously we tend to focus on the bad stuff in the present, and the good stuff in the past– though that's just cherry-picking.

But I'm not actually interested in writing social commentary. Rather I'm trying to figure out how I ought to live my life, and how I ought to interact with the world around me. Should I or should I not engage with fashionable superficiality? I used to lean strongly towards "Yes, go in there and show them how smart you are", but now I'm starting to lean towards "No, the opportunity cost of that is too high. You should focus instead on doing important work." Important work needs defining [2], but for now let's just be content to say that it exists in some sense. If we identify it, we should focus on it.

[2] What is important work? I don't mean important in the objective, absolute sense. I don't really want to think about that, I think that might be a losing game. I think I mean important work in the sense that I feel really fulfilled and satisfied after having done it. Work that makes me feel like I'm doing something that matters, even though I know that in the grand scheme of things nothing matters. In the slightly-less-than-grand scheme of things, we're talking about things that move me, move people, evoke strong emotions in a sense that I enjoy. Playfulness. Love. Beauty. Richness. More emphathy. More buzzwords. I don't know, I don't want to dig too deep into this.

It could be as simple as... just things that make me happy, outside of narrowly-defined contexts. The challenge is to break from the narrowly-defined context to see things from a more global perspective.

All of this feels really... weak. But I'll leave it for now and see where we end up later.

You see, you assumed that being in the public eye meant being able to shape people's perceptions. And you thought that getting Likes and Shares meant that you were doing that. And in a primitive sense, yes, you were doing that more than if you had not been working on anything at all. But if you want to make a bigger impact, you have to go deeper. If you want to create a massive crater, you need to change your approach- you can't just throw more little rocks. You need a massive, huge rock that's going at a crazy speed. And to achieve that you need focus and depth.

I'm not saying you're going to 'lose your randomness' (and believe it or not, there will be times where you wish you could. There will be times where you wish you could shut portions of your brain off, and the idea of taking medication to make that happen would actually seem really tempting.) Rather, you are going to teach yourself to use your 'randomness' to propel you along a particular direction. And if you don't like that direction you can change it– you can turn around, you can go somewhere else. What's actually going to happen is– you're going to get bored of the superficial engagement. You're going to realize that people Like and Share mainly as trivial entertainment, except for the few people who take these things far too seriously– and you don't really enjoy their company all that much anyway, do you?

Good commentary is important and necessary, but not nearly as important I think as good work. And yes, commentary is a sort of work in itself, but doing really, really good commentary requires serious immersion. Serious practice. Serious focus. Maybe you might choose to do that some day, but first you're going to focus on getting good at managing yourself. Managing your own time and energy and focus. At becoming a better writer. And you're going to do that away from the mainstream public eye, because when you're in the public eye you end up doing what you think the public wants to see, rather than what you actually want to see. [2]

So you're going to focus instead on doing what you want to do. Writing what you want to write, as if the world didn't exist. And your public facing assets are going to kinda grow moss, they're going to be a little bit embarrassing because they won't really do justice to your thoughts. But think about it this way- would you rather have a well-shot profile picture, or be really good-looking? Ideally both, of course, but it's much easier to take a good profile picture (or get somebody else to take a picture of you!) if you're really good looking, than it is for you to become good-looking if you have a great profile picture.

You spent a lot of time trying to figure out how to game your public appearances and discourse, trying to figure out how to win arguments. But you're going to get tired of that, because it's vacuous and stupid. You're going to focus instead on turning inwards, and looking for the demons and villains on the inside that you need to take on and conquer. And when you do that, you're going to be a whole different person. I don't even know who that guy is yet, but I tell you with full honesty that I absolutely can't fucking wait to meet him.

[1] And that's not really a bad thing, you know. People develop at their own time, in their own way. I think marketing really needs to accept and understand that. Marketing that doesn't understand that makes for a crass, ugly world. I'm thinking about the Volkswagen ads, and how they don't pressure you to buy at all. They just give you this interesting, clever piece of information, piece of perspective and respect you enough to let you mull over that in your own time, in your own space, in your own way.

[2] The funny thing about this is the public is a sort of dumb creature. It's not dumb because people are stupid, it's dumb because people don't really have the time and energy to focus on being great public citizens. Not many people devote a lot of time and energy into having opinions about things that primarily affect other people rather than themselves. These things might change with better social design, better technology, that sort of thing. I'm hopeful.

But that's not the real funny part. The real funny part is- if you dig into yourself deep enough, and pay enough careful, loving attention about what's really interesting, about what really matters, then the public will actually defer to your opinion. If there's some guy who's really, really good at guitar, we'll defer to his opinions on which guitarists we should listen to. The public pays attention to novelty, yes, but it defers to legitimate authority. Which you earn by doing difficult work well.
You started smoking partially because you were sort of curious, maybe. You had an opportunity to give it a try, and you figured why not. You started smoking partially because you were sort of bored. Partially because you felt like it couldn't be all that bad, and that you'd be able to stop whenever you wanted to. The notion that something that you put to your mouth and set on fire is something you'd be compelled to do over and over again your will seemed silly. How does that even work? You were kinda curious about that, maybe.

The thing about smoking is that for some period of time, it gets more enjoyable the more you do it. The first few cigarettes are sorta icky, they have that metallic taste and they scissor your lungs with their sharpness. It takes a few cigarettes before you really start enjoying it. So you kept going.

Initially, you thought you'd be fine as long as you didn't buy your own pack. You'd merely bum cigarettes from others. And lonely smokers are always happy to give away cigarettes to turn their solitary smoke breaks into social ones, especially with people who hadn't quite started smoking yet. What you didn't realize is that once this starts happening for an extended period of time, you start feeling indebted. You know that cigarettes cost money, and you essentially owe those of your friends who you kept bumming cigarettes from. And so you'd buy them packs from time to time.

And then you buy your first pack. I can't quite remember what yours was. Maybe it was Viceroy Menthol. Maybe it was Dunhill Reds (that... seems less likely? Although it would eventually become your mainstay. Of sorts.)

You got another person to start smoking– Sampoerna, and he smoked nearly 7 sticks one after another. By smoking around your other friends, you encouraged everyone to keep smoking, and to make it a cornerstone habit that they built their lives around. You spent probably several thousand dollars on it.

I'm not sure if any of that bothers you. You did kinda know that was what you were getting yourself into. You did see adult smokers puffing away and you thought that you would quit if it ever got too bad to handle. And hey, you do quit eventually, at 24 years of age. I'd say that was a pretty alright run.

I guess the most important thing that you should be thinking about is– When you look back on your life, did those moments seem particularly meaningful? For some period of time you told yourself that smoking was poignant and meaningful- I'm sure you've actually written blogposts about that. What were your favorite and most memorable cigarettes?

I remember one at 2am in the morning outside of your parent's house. It was a menthol cigarette, and you found it very contemplative. You were looking at the hibiscus flowers and paying attention to the stillness of the night- somebody was watching TV somewhere. All of that really felt good to you. I think you'd like more of such moments- another was when you and your wife had just bought your home and she was resting her head on your thigh. Not sure if you were smoking then, but on hindsight the smoking isn't that important. There was a more recent moment when you were lying on your sofa, staring out the window meditating.  Another- when you were lying on the back of a truck during your National Service, looking at the trees. Smoking in the back of a tonner. There are many cigarette memories with NS. Smoking at the back of a Penguin fastcraft on the day that you ORD'd, and on many other days. Smoking after the urban ops segment. Smoking in Penang, and Bangkok.

I might be rationalizing here, and shoehorning a narrative that I think is appropriate now, but I think smoking meant so much to you because it was something you could seemingly control. You lit the cigarette. You inhaled it as you pleased- deep, slow drags, or quick, sharp drags. However you liked. You could exhale as you like. Smoking a cigarette can be an activity with a remarkable amount of flow, and something "gets done". I wonder how that relates to the fact that you used to bite your nails, and you haven't since. Why you like to play video games. It's all about the dopamine, isn't it? The illusion that things get done, some sort of accomplishment. How do you accomplish more things, within the set of things that you care about? What are the things that scare and confuse you, and how can you get those done because those things mean the most to you, and would leave you the happiest after they're done?

In the almost grand scheme of things, it's not really that big a deal that you smoked for about 8 years. I suppose what would be interesting is to know if you're going to stay smoke free for the remainder of your life. You know that individual cigarettes aren't really worth the hassle, unless maybe you've been drinking a lot. But will you pick up smoking again later in your life? Maybe. I don't want to get too caught up in enforcing your identity- it makes more sense to keep your identity small.

But here's the bet though- you're going to avoid smoking because it messes with your head, it messes with your clarity of mind, it makes you groggy and tired, it makes you cough. There are other ways to get pleasure, including writing, running, all sorts of good stuff. You'd want to stick around to see what the future brings, because it's going to be goddamn interesting.

But hey, I ain't judging. Just do the best you can.

Benjamin Franklin had a quote where he said we are taxed more by our own laziness than any government would ever be able to. And he's right, although that's something that would get horribly misinterpreted and misused by people who want to make an argument against welfare... I don't want to get into the details of policy, but I do think that most people seem to be ridiculously careless about their thoughts. I suppose I am too, in many ways that are not clear to me. I'm merely observant about some things more than others, and it's clear to me when people are careless in those particular spaces.

So there are a few thoughts going on here. I'm a little too tired right now to really process all of it perfectly, but it's somehow important to me that I get through this vomit and maybe go through the details later.

One is that I believe that it's unhealthy to spend a lot of time among "current affair connoisseurs". I am of the belief that older men gather to drink and talk about religion and politics and gossip primarily because those are things that they cannot do very much about. Why don't people gather to talk about self-improvement? Why don't they solicit negative feedback and seek to improve themselves? Why are mastermind groups such rarities? Because it's difficult and painful, I suppose, and we'd all rather just entertain ourselves to affairs.

I'm getting ahead of myself- I wanted to say that a constant discussion of current affairs is potentially dangerous because then you become a person discussing ideas rather than a person executing on them. (This is making me feel some deja vu- have I already written and published a word vomit about how 'great minds discuss ideas' is a self-serving idea, perpetuated by somebody who wants to come across as great-minded? Because it's far more likely that great minds discuss the mundane elements of things that matter to them- they have no need to persuade each other of their greatness, and they don't really care for abstract discussions. When art critics meet, they discuss form and function and meaning. When artists meet, they discuss where to buy cheap turpentine. I'm guessing that when business visionaries meet, if they trust each other, they talk about hiring practices, and how they manage their employees, payroll, legal and stuff like that. It must seem mind-numbingly boring to the 'great minds' who expect a discussion of ideas.

So there's this strange phenomena here which indicates that a large chunk of I thought I knew about what it means to be a smart, well-developed person might be illusory- I thought I was learning how to be smart, but I was instead learning how to come across as smart, how to perform the identity of "smart". Actually being smart appears to actually be a somewhat tangential skillset. And it seems that a lot of the smartest people care very little for appearing smart- indeed it's starting to seem to me that they'd much rather be underestimated or ignored altogether, because it allows them to observe quietly in the background, ask loads of questions and learn about their peers and environment.

Anyway. I wanted to write this to talk about how I think it's important for me to compare myself not with the people in my immediate presence- my competitors and contemporaries- but with the immortals. With people who I truly admire in the most deep, legendary sort of sense. I'm reminded of the reverence Neil Tyson has for Isaac Newton. People like Newton, Carl Sagan, Benjamin Franklin, Da Vinci, they don't seem to come along very often. It's very presumptuous of me to ever claim that I could be someone like any of them. But I think if there's anything I can do to make that likelier by even 1% or less, I should do that. Because I'd like to work on things that excite me. I'd like to do things that are amazing. I want to bunt it out of the park. I want the company of immortals.

It might be an unachievable goal, but it's one that I'd like to have. I don't really know if that changes anything immediately. I suppose it means greatly reducing the amount of time I spend discussing things with people I don't care about– even more so than I already have. And it means looking at the world with a slightly different lens. And it means that I have a lot of reading to do. So I'll get to that. Toodle-oo.
I had a little mini epiphany of sorts a while ago where I realized that the thing that mattered most to me was to be able to trust myself. A lot of the grand epic things I try to do, or talk about doing, all of that might be my way of overcompensating for the fact that I used to be called lazy and lackadaisical and all that. I didn't want to be that slacker bum, like that annoying "business partner" Tom Haverford had in Parks and Rec who didn't want to do any work, who just wanted the glory of wannabe clever ideas. Gosh, what an annoying prick. I saw a bit of myself in him, which was really scary and painful.

So I have this magnificent boulder on my shoulder that I want to get rid of. [1] And I can only get rid of it by being disciplined and conscientious in service of myself, towards goals that I deem worthy. I think writing a million words will help me with that.

So I guess I'll just quickly talk about my approach to breaking down this boulder, and to learning to trust myself. How do I trust myself? I need concrete evidence, proof. I need to do things regularly, first little things and then add those little things up into bigger things. I have accomplished things at work, but it often feels like the failures exceed and outnumber the successes. I suppose they always will. Intellectually I can appreciate that, but I don't like the idea of living a life in constant misery.

Well it's not CONSTANT misery, but I should be able to struggle and push myself without feeling like I'm always on the brink of bursting. Well- again, I'm never BURSTING, but I'm pretty sure the discomfort and frustration I feel isn't a healthy, positive amount of frustration. I'm exerting myself a little too hard and a little not-smartly-enough.

I'm like that guy at the gym lifting weights too heavy for him, with form that's questionable. Injury is imminent if I'm not careful. And I suppose I actually do get 'injured' in a sense, from time to time, and then that sidelines me and I can't make any progress. And it perpetuates this narrative that I have in my head that I'll never be fit, that I'll never be healthy, that I'm doomed to this stupid miserable cycle and I should just try to find whatever pleasure I can, wherever I can, from mixed feelings park and from the dark playground. I don't want that shit. It's really sad and really shitty.

So I need to work on small bits- c'mon man we've been repeating this for 200,000 words now. I suppose the mini breakthrough is the realization that maybe online/digital apps and stuff don't feel that great because they're "illusory", they don't feel "real". I've tried things like the X effect- it seemed to help me quit smoking, but I then tried to do it for 3 things at once- watch a video, meditate and reflect- and I couldn't do all of those three things at once for 49 days in a row. Maybe I really gotta start with just one.

Anyway the thing I'm doing that I'm really excited about and have been keeping up with for i think a couple of weeks now is- I got one of those receipt impaling things from the local bookstore, and I've been writing my to-dos and tasks on post-its and little pieces of paper. When they get done, I fuckin' impale them. It's very, very satisfying. I think as a habit it's going to stick. I'm eagerly looking forward to filling the tower to the brim.

[1] As I write this I realize- the boulder seems to simultaneously exist and not exist, depending on whether I'm thinking about it or not. It goes in and out of focus. I can distract myself and avoid thinking about it. I can look away and- out of sight, out of mind. But I think it's there. I don't think it's actually possible for me to live my life pretending it doesn't exist until it doesn't, because that limits my range of freedom, it limits the space I can navigate.

What's the real deal here? I suppose it's just a part of my brain, a part of the landscape/city that is my mind, my life. And if I wanted to I could spend a lifetime avoiding it. But that would be an impoverished life, a limited life, and it seems like there are all sorts of costs to that, just as there are costs to letting part of a city fester and rot. You have to hold your nose everytime you walk past it, have to ignore the pain and suffering.
I'm very fortunate to work in an environment where the default setting/culture is to be kind and thoughtful towards one another. Sometimes that means some discussions happen a little slower than we might like, but honestly I think the cost is worth it because it allows you to open up topics and tackle things that you might not otherwise be able to tackle. I realize that I've told my boss more about myself than anybody else- probably more than I've written about in this blog. The only person who knows me as well or better is my wife. I think even my parents and siblings don't know me that well, and I think the reason is because I never quite opened up to them so deeply- and that was always a function of our context, of our environment.

I think Life is incredibly short and precious and we should be able to be vulnerable with one another, we should be able to open up to each other about what we want, what we live for, what we care about, what we hope to do and see and feel within our time.

So it's strange and sad when we get all defensive and offensive and we start drawing battle lines and think about how to win arguments, how to respond, how to react. As I write this I'm thinking about how I used to do that on Facebook all the time- get into lengthy arguments with people. I might be remembering it in a worse light than it actually was– I think I made the effort to avoid personal attacks.

Meanness holds us back. It makes people clam up, nervous, uncertain and unwilling to share. It makes people trust us less. They feel like they can't be honest with us. They feel worried and afraid of backlash.

Never be mean. Never be mean. I regret all the times I've ever been mean to anybody, be it for laughs or be it for general amusement. I guess I was doing it hoping to gain solidarity with in-groups, or doing it to defend myself, to feel better about myself, to raise my own status by stomping on others.

Why else are people mean? Perhaps having some sort of enemy to attack and trample on makes us feel like we're making progress, we're contributing in some way. I can imagine being mean towards people who are prejudiced, people who are racist or sexist... but again, being mean really never helps. I know there's all this rhetoric about how you can't police people's tone, especially if they're marginalized and oppressed and stuff... and I don't want to do any oppression. So I don't want to tell other people how they can or cannot act. But I am reinforcing my commitment to myself to not be mean.

When have I been mean? How can I identify when I'm being mean? I'm mean when I'm insecure, when I'm nervous, when I feel threatened. Why do I feel threatened? We're all going to die. What does it matter if people laugh at me about something? It doesn't matter. What does it matter if some internet stranger said nasty things about me? It doesn't matter. He's not attacking me. He doesn't actually know me. He's attacking his idea of me, which must be informed by his environment. It's informed by his perspective. Maybe he's had a hard life, a hard day, maybe people don't respect him. Maybe he's scared and confused and lost and he needs to feel better about himself by calling other people names.

Maybe. Maybe not. But I can't imagine or understand why a well-adjusted person who feels happy and comfortable would want to call other people names.

I'd like to examine this further. Because I think of all the things I punish myself with, being mean is one of the most unnecessary, and one of the most important to drop.

I had a conversation on Hacker News I think where I asked somebody why he was being mean to somebody ELSE, and the response was a sort of straw man– that if you can't take the heat you should stay out of the kitchen, and that being overly politically-correct is boring. But the thing is- the discussion stopped there.

I don't know about fragile- I don't think it's fragile to say "I'm not interested in having a conversation where I am belittled as a person". Life is too short and we ought to spend it around people who are kind and gracious. "Stay out of the kitchen" is a total bullshit when people need to cook food to feed themselves, but the kitchen is swarming with assholes. We need a different kitchen, one that we can actually enjoy.

Political correctness isn't nearly as boring as the fact that conversations END when name-calling begins. They dry up, the territory gets scorched. The learning stops. The progress stops. The whole thing is just really wasteful.

It feels like al of my life is really this endless pursuit of finding someone I can really, really, REALLY talk to. And on one hand it seems likely that there will never be a single person that you can share everything with, simply because the mind contains so many multitudes, such incredible breadth of experience- there will always be some areas of overlap and some areas of failed grasping.

And yet... there are 7 billion people in the world. Maybe we can figure out a way to be a little less alone and scared before we die. As Celine said to Jesse- we may never succeed, but surely it's worth the attempt?

So let's try, let's keep trying, because to give up would be death (or just really boring... same thing.)
"I believe if there's any kind of God it wouldn't be in any of us, not you or me but just this little space in between. If there's any kind of magic in this world it must be in the attempt of understanding someone sharing something. I know, it's almost impossible to succeed but who cares really? The answer must be in the attempt." – Celine, Before Sunrise
What should I have done differently today? I should've taken a nap, should've taken a break. That much is clear. I have to prepare for things in advance. I feel like I'm sprouting truisms now– I'm saying things that I think I'm supposed to be saying so that I'll leave myself alone. But I don't want to leave me alone. What am I trying to weasel out of? Why am I not getting to the good, important, meaty stuff? It's probably simple- just pain avoidance. I guess I'm writing this right now to try to really tear off the skin of this excuse, and reveal that this pain avoidance is causing me far more pain in the interim and in the long run. Why do I let myself suffer so much? Again- yeah, it's just short-term time blindness. I AM TIME BLIND. I AM TIME BLIND. THIS MAKES ME MAKE BAD DECISIONS. I NEED TO REMIND MYSELF.

I need to brand it into my skin if necessary. I am time blind, I make bad decisions, I need a prosthetic to help me decide what to do and then I need to stick to it, to respect it. Why do I not stick to it? Why do I not respect it? Maybe I need somebody watching over my shoulder. I should get my wife to do that. Yeah maybe I'll do just that. For an hour day or so at least. It would be a nice bonding activity (since we work in the same building).

To this day I have not gotten around to partitioning my day into segments where I work on different things throughout the day. I still do not know when I'm most productive- when do I do my best writing? When do I do my best editing? When should I send emails? I actually have no idea! I've been winging it every day for 2 years and it seems really silly that I keep doing that, expecting something magical to suddenly appear and improve things. It won't happen by itself, I have to make it happen.

Okay, how do I do that? Should I start by evaluating my old stuff? That seems like a good idea, and yet that seems like a huge time sink in itself. Okay, so I should MVP that and figure out how to get the max bang for buck within a fixed time frame. And I should also come up with a sketchy solution– how I would attempt solve this problem if I had just inherited it, with no information whatsoever. These two bits would make up the starter pieces of the solution.

When should I reply to calls and emails? I can't keep doing it throughout the day, that's really unprofessional (in the sense that it keeps me from ever getting out of the shallow work zone). I suppose I should do a quick re-read of Cal Newport's stuff and see what he recommends for how to plan deep work. I should have some sort of ritual. I should probably pick just one thing and get really into that one thing, rather than constantly sketch out multiple tasks and then look at that set of multiple tasks proudly.

I really want to solve this problem. It feels like it's more than I can chew right now, but I'm going to keep trying. Maybe I'll need to walk away from it again. Maybe– this is probably the case– I just need more sleep. But what I know for sure is that I'm not going to give up on it. It's pretty clear that it's going to have a dramatic increase in the quality of my life as I figure it out. It's just like learning to walk, or learning to play guitar. Hey, if I could learn to play guitar, I can learn to manage my time. It's all just neurons in the brain. It's all just chemicals in the brain. Me just doing these vomits- even if some of them are just filler- is part of that process. And I welcome and accept that process. We will get there, wherever there is– we'll figure out "there" as we go. And we'll get better with each attempt.

Also, I should totally have lunch with my wife more often. It's pretty awesome. I feel like I don't sufficiently make time for these things. I wonder if that base rate will ever change.
A couple of vomits ago I wrote about how upset and frustrated I was because somebody was mean to me on the Internet. I decided to reply to him asking him about his life, and he responded telling me that his father worked in construction and was able to take care of 4 kids, while he's a now a cubicle rat and struggling to make ends meet.

I replied with as much honesty and vulnerability as I could, telling him that I sincerely wish his situation gets better, and that my life has been kind of the opposite- I make a living as a marketer selling software online, and I believe I have a better quality of life than my parents did.

This whole little exchange has been very elucidatory for me, which is interesting because it's not like this is the first time I've been a part of an Internet argument. What's changed, what's different? I guess I've become more thoughtful about it. I got out of the 'little loop' (and am probably in a bigger loop of some sort) and I recognized that I was responding to things in a certain way, in a predictable, scripted way.

Maybe my goals have changed. I used to want to win every single argument I could, I think, and along the way I decided that it's not that interesting to live life that way. You can increase your win rate by some percentage, but you're always going to lose people– by that I mean that you get to a point where the argument is intractable- either you're clearly winning or you're clearly stuck- but then the other person ceases to be interested in engaging with you.

The real challenge in any discussion is to keep the other person open, pliable, interested, engaged. Taking sides tends to ruin that. Telling them that they're wrong tends to ruin that. Our experience of existence is cheapened when we use each other as stepping stones to victory, to feel better about ourselves. It's all chemicals in the brain anyway. It makes way more sense to me to try and win the person rather than the argument.

What does that mean? Well– we're all patterns in space-time, we're all functions of the universe, of the galaxy. We're here for a very short period of time- just a blip- and then we vanish. And we're not alone, we have each other. But we're each trapped inside our heads, inside our bodies. So it's this bizzare MMORPG of sorts- we're all hurtling towards our deaths, and we're doing this hurtling besides everyone else. (I'm suddenly thinking of the ending of Toy Story 3, but I'm getting ahead of myself here.)

So when we're doing this hurtling towards our deaths thing- does it really make sense to step on other people, to put them down, to make them feel like shit? Because... we're all gonna goddamn die. That's the real enemy, the incinerator at the bottom of the slide that we're all on. That's the real thing that's gonna get us all. That's the real thing we should be focused on.

So I think we should at least have a good time before we go, and that the more of us have a good time collectively, the better our experience will be. And this isn't just purely touchy feely kum-bah-yah stuff [1]. A TED talk that blew my mind was Vilayanur Ramachandran talking about mirror neurons- the neurons that shaped civilization. Basically- and I paraphrase dramatically- mirror neurons are neurons in our brains that light up whenever we see other people doing things. So if we see somebody in pain, our mirror neurons light up. If we see someone laugh, or yawn, mirror neurons light up. We're literally wired to empathize.

The only thing that stops us from LITERALLY feeling pain when somebody else is hurting is that we get a contrasting signal from our own skin, telling us that we're okay. Meaning if not for our skins (and they proved this by experiments with anesthetic), we would literally feel other people's pain as our own. Compassion. To suffer together.

I find that quite profound. This is a huge part of  what has helped the human species learn and grow as quickly as it has. It allows us to teach each other skills, to learn by seeing and doing.

I think we're just scratching the surface with this research, and we're going to learn that really, we are all connected in many, many more ways that we realize. To some people this is already stating the obvious, but I think in the pop-culture sense, with American Individual Free Will, and I Am In Control, and I Am In Charge Of My Life and rhetoric like that– in that sense we are lagging behind. We don't adequately represent our own reality, and so we feel lost and alone and scared.

Clearly there is a superior middle path which will allow us to live our lives better- I'm thinking of Sam Harris's Moral Landscape idea now. [2] It feels like the whole century-of-the-self thing should come to an end and we should try to accelerate it. (Speaking of which, I really need to get around to watching that video again. I shall add it to my tasks).

But all in all what I want to say is– have more compassion. Realize that people are in pain. When a person does nasty things, it could be because they're sick, because their unit is faulty in some way, or it could be because they've been conditioned to by circumstances, all sorts of factors. Hard to tell. Cause and effect can be incredibly complex. Sometimes there are people who are so toxic that you can't do anything for them, and you just got to get away and do what is best for yourself. But that doesn't mean you should end up hating the person. Hate is short-sighted.

I might be time-blind, but I sure as hell aren't going to waste my limited time hating people. Life is really too goddamn short, and I love all of you- even the weird, twisted sickos that I might not want to spend any time around. I root for your better selves within you. We can walk a better path.

[1] why do we always have to make that caveat? What's so bad about kum-bah-yah? I guess there's something about hippies and folksters? I think we should all sit down and think abit longer about the 60s and free love and all that, and why that played out the way that did. What happened to it? Where did it go?

[2] While he can be kinda annoying, his idea of how there are many ways to be moral and many ways to be immoral just as there are many ways to be healthy and unhealthy- that idea is pretty sticky and valid.

I used to always lean towards the former, but now I'm starting to lean towards the latter. I imagine this would surprise quite a few of my old friends. [1]

But ruminating on this a little longer makes me realise- it's not like I've changed what I fundamentally want, I've just awoken to the reality that my old ways of doing things were limited and not quite helping me. And I think I always knew that this would be the case. That's part of why I kept writing. Right? [2]

I guess I'll never know for sure. But certainty is a sucker's game- it exists only in classrooms and thought experiments. So I can know to some degree. And even if I'm making all of this up- it's not like I actually need to be 100% right about everything. I just need to make sure that I can survive whenever I'm wrong. (Which reminds me, I ought to reread Taleb's books... I had written "I need to read this again" in the margins.)

So. Small pieces to bite off, chew and swallow. One thing I'm doing is tidying up the photos I've taken since 2014. I want to check off an old work task which was to upload photos of my colleagues. It's a low priority task that doesn't really affect anybody but me, but it's been bothering me for so long that I simply have to do it.

Not sure why I have been waiting for so long to do the things I say that I want to do. It seems like- to some degree, it really does boil down to an unknowable amount of waiting time. It's like my brain is an organisation (technically it is) full of stupid people who don't really know how to follow orders (also technically true...?). Once I decide that I'm going to do something, I still seem to have to wait for some unknowable period of time. So far the longest this process has taken me.... I want to say "is a couple of years", from the time I make the Decision to the time that it comes to pass.

Doing an audit would help me with things like this- seeing and studying when I first talk about things, how I talk about them, so on. I realise this would be a very specific sort of audit, with the intention of uncovering very specific sorts of information. Meatbag management data, focus/priorities, context management data. How have I fared, what have I wanted, how did I get or (more often than not) deal with NOT getting what I wanted? How would I deal with it now? How would I do things differently?

What else do I want to know? Cheesy as it seems I guess one thing is that I don't know what I want to know, and I feel like doing a scan will help me find out. So I guess I should first list out all the information/data I have and then set a schedule for going through that info.

I'll stop here.

[1] I keep thinking about old friends recently. There was a group of people who knew quite a bit about me and who I was- they heard my opinions and perspectives on a lot of things, and I bared myself to them. And then I left, I moved on. But I suppose you never truly move on- because I'm still here, aren't I? You just remix and remix until your latter mixes are a significant departure from the source material- but departing from the source material doesn't change the fact that you were still influenced by it, dependent on it. There is no real getting over or moving on, in the simplistic sense. The most you can do is choose to focus on other things.

[2] Sigh, I realise firsthand that... If you're determined to believe that a person is trying to rewrite history, there is nothing she can do to persuade you otherwise. So there will be some people that you'll never be able to win over- or the cost of winning them over will be criminally high.

1- The book itself, and the ideas it discusses. I do think it's a valuable book because it gives us a specific lens to view the world through, and as a specific lens it's something different, something slightly uncomfortable at parts, and it concludes with several admissions of squirmy, awkward complications– which is good. I think that it's a pretty good idea for every book to have a "things that make me squirm" chapter.

I found myself nodding vigorously at several points but also shaking my head. I think the general point might be this- he is very right when pointing out how other people is wrong, but when he argues how things should be, [A] I feel he falls a bit short– because a lot of it could be rendered invalid if people reacted to it differently. It seems to miss a lot of the perspective and marketing wisdom that Predatory Thinking and Rory Sutherland are so good at. It often doesn't really matter how things actually are, but how they are perceived, and I feel like this book doesn't cover that– which is totally fine, because that's outside the scope of the book. But it makes me realize that reality is so much richer than any single book can ever convey.

2- The context of and around the book, of and around the author. (Great segue, huh!) This is where I think I am growing and learning as a writer. I have considered this before but it's really coming into clarity now. Books and blogposts aren't writen in vaccuums, they're written in broader contexts. Reddit and Hacker News threads are posted in response to what had come before. I think what frustrates me a lot about a lot of conversations– or bores me, actually– is how little context people tend to have when debating an issue.

For example, when Neil Tyson talks about NASA funding, he has an amazing amount of context, for science– he knows about everything from Isaac Newton to the founding fathers of the USA and how the USA went to the moon because they were at war with the Soviet Union... he has a lot of sensitivity to the contexts. He also talks about the sensitivity that Richard Dawkin lacks– there's a nice video of this. And yet the pedestal I put Neil on crumbled slightly when he once tweeted about "why not make X hack-proof?", which seemed very ignorant. You could say that it's ignorant of computer security, and not every astrophysicist is going to have a great understanding of computer security– but it seems to me that if something is a big problem that bothers a lot of experts in that field, and it seems obvious to me what the solution must be, there's probably some complexity to it that I'm not aware of.

(I had stopped halfway here). I guess what I wanted to say is... it's interesting to me how I'm starting to react differently to information as I encounter it. When I first read More Sex Is Safer Sex, it seemed to be written by somebody who was a lot more knowledgeable than me. I still think that Landsburg is really smart and has amazing context and all that stuff, but I also see how I see some things a little differently. I don't contest his interpretations nearly as much as I see the value of them in one frame, and yet see how things can be different from another frame. To make any sort of case you have to make a bunch of assumptions, and those assumptions may not always hold true– and a criticism of those assumptions isn't always appropriate or relevant.
[A] Which is valuable from a gadfly-ish perspective– Scott Adams, the author of Dilbert, does this pretty well. Extreme hypothetical scenarios that really force you to think harder about the arbitrary nature of the status quo. It's a useful role that somebody ought to be playing.

So none of these are new ideas.

What's new to me is this– focusing on the things I can control means discarding and/or disregarding most of everything that I can't control. Or even things that I can sort-of control.

The simplest way to improve my sense of control is, almost cheating-ly, to reduce the number of things that I'm concerned about. To get really close to optimal, I'd eliminate absolutely everything except the non-essential. One of the major things there for me was the opinion of others, the opinion of Internet strangers, of acquaintances I didn't really respect, etc.

The next thing after that is– ceasing to worry about "big picture" issues. When I was a teenager, I think, I went through a phase where I wanted to know as much about the world as possible. I developed an obsession with systems thinking- with how things influenced other things. I fell in love with Atheism [1]. I loved the idea of big complexity, of big interconnectedness, of "patterns patterns patterns", as Jason Silva would put it. I was just in love with that. I enjoyed feeling my mind grasping at big ideas, at expanding with each new big picture. [2]

All of this really came together while I was in Junior College and then in National Service– both experiences in which I had very, very limited control. I haven't really re-read all of my writing yet– I'd like to make time for that– but I think when I do I'm going to be startled by how much time I spent toying and playing with hypothetical ideas. The main difference is probably that I have bills to pay now. I now need to think about the difficult question of how to put food on the table and a roof over my head. It's an interesting challenge, and one with real stakes. And so my world is different now.

I have been a working adult for 2 years now– a married homeowner with two cats and bills to pay. I have often put my own leisure, my own curiosity, my own joy, etc on the backburner– sneaking away little pathetic glimpses of it in between work that I do in long, slow and tedious steps. Really, I ought to be doing my work in terrific bangs, and then relax and enjoy my existence while I have it.

Contemplation alone is not enough for this. Data-collection is not enough. I need to meditate to calm my mind, and then I need to attack very mundane-seeming problems with ferocious intensity. Doing that means saying no to a lot of things. And I am choosing to be a bit extreme about this. I'm saying no to a lot of friends, a lot of interests, pursuits.

Let's supose I start by saying no to everything. What's the first thing I say yes to? Breathing. Drinking water. Eating healthy food. Work, because it allows me to buy food and drink water, and pay for the roof over my head. What next? Anything that helps me get more efficient at work, so I can do it faster. Exercise, because it cleanses and improves my brain, improves my mood. (This means I should go for a run later today.) Reading and writing, because those are both my great loves and my great empowerers– the more I read, the more I write, the more effective I become as an individual at whatever I want to do. Then what? My marriage, which is important to me. And then... actually, I'm willing to cap things off there, really. What else do I really need? I seem to have a taste for some trivial distractions... I need to make a deliberate statement to myself– I'm doing it here– that everyday news does not interest me. It does not help me. I don't need to have an opinion on the gentrification of San Francisco. I can revisit all of that if and when the time comes. But in the mean time, I am going to focus all of my resources– all of my time and energy– on bettering myself.

[1] I now prefer not to take sides– I don't have the answers and I don't want to pretend that I do. I'll simply ask questions. It's a much more enjoyable to have discussions when I begin with the fact that I haven't made up my mind, and I don't know what to think.]

[2]  But eventually all of those things started to... develop a sort of predictability, weariness. Once you've had your mind blown several times, you sort of adjust for that. You anticipate that your mind will be blown again. I wasn't nearly as mindblown by Interstellar as some people say they were- I enjoyed the experience, sure, but it didn't really introduce anything new to me. This is why I think I'm going to have to turn to classics, to the greats of fiction and science fiction and what not. But really, once you learn that you are starstuff, that everything is connected, that there will be a heat death of the universe, that your brain is the most complex thing we know, etc etc, what else is there?

I don't mean to imply that I am world-weary. I think the world is exciting. But I think it's going to take a lot more to shock or startle me. I'm going to continue searching, but my instincts tell me that the next most important thing I should work on or pursue isn't exactly perspective from a different POV, but rather... inward journeying through different action? I'm thinking about this one.
I think I have a lot of books about scientific phenomena, about big picture things like how things work– and I'm not incredibly interested in that right now. It's stuff that I would like to have had read, but right now the thing I most want is some heroic inspiration from great men and women, on how to live my life.

I also want to read books that I can crunch and review. I've read quite a bit of Good to Great– I'm about halfway through. I should quickly finish that up– why haven't I yet? Maybe because the expected value isn't that great. Understanding what makes a company great isn't really the most important thing to me right now. It's fairly important but not the MOST important thing.

Okay. So what's THE MOST IMPORTANT thing? I think first I need to focus on the books that are already on my shelves. Buying more books is a sort of escapism... and I know that I'm very guilty of that.

Alright. I turned around to look at the books on my shelf and I'm not sure what I'd prioritize. I think I should instead work backwards and remove the books that I'm not interested in? That would annoy my wife though. I should pick the books that I want to read instead. Okay– yes. There are many, many, many of those. What do I want to get out of those books? Is it just the pleasure of reading itself? Is it having processed something?

I feel like I don't have time for pleasure-of-reading for the sake of pleasure-of-reading. And that's a little sad to hear myself say, because one should always have the time for pleasurable reading! But what would actually give me the most pleasure right now? Refactoring what's already in my head? I feel like I have all this tidying up to do. All these loose ends to tie up. I think I'm just going to focus on finishing Good To Great and then writing a few notes on that... is that what I really want to do?

Argh, it's so frustrating! What I really want to do I guess is to read all the blogposts I've highlighted about Procrastination. I want to work with that exercise... I suppose I'd like to finish reading Dostoyevsky's Letters From Underground, and maybe read Wozniak's biography.  Then I want to re-read Bradbury's Zen In The Art Of Writing. I'll take all these books out and lay them out so that I have to encounter them. And then I must prioritize them... I'll read Dostoyevsky next. Good To Great is my current sorta-businessy-read, and Dostoyevsky shall be my "soul-read". I suppose I can do that. I have a businessy-read, a soul-read... and maybe a learn-about-the-world read. I bought The Box with the intention of doing more "learn-about-the-world" reading, but that doesn't feel like a huge priority right now... though of course I'll be the first to say sometimes what you most need is something that you don't think you need, that you don't feel that you need.

So– again. Dostoyevsky, Bradbury, Wozniak, Ogilvy. I think in that order. And i have to make it really small. I keep wanting reading to become this massive consuming thing, like I spend a whole day reading and doing nothing else. But that's not necessary– I just need to start. I need to commit to starting, and maybe to reading a few pages at a time. Again, it feels sad that I even have to say this because I remember that there was a time where I'd do nothing else but read books all day. I suppose back then I didn't have such easy Internet access. And I was young enough that every single new book seemed to be absolutely amazing. Now I'm old enough and have enough background to recognize that some books are shitty and not worth my time.

I also feel like I want to get some context and think about why I want to read each book, and what each book will mean to me. Dostoyevsky is my introduction to some Russian thinking. Bradbury is about sharpening my axe as a writer. Wozniak... I just want to get inside that guy's head, because so much of the time everyone focuses on Steve Jobs.

But I suppose I ought to take a few minutes to breathe deeply, stare out the window and think about what I really, really want to read next.

Did that. Heh. The answer is actually my own writing. There are things in my own work that I haven't examined. I feel like only after I examine all my own work will I actually have the context I need to figure out what's the next most important thing I should read. I want to go through my own work and figure out what are the gaps, what are the low-resolution bits that need improving, what sort of remixing do I want to do?

So there's the answer to my question. I haven't been reading other people's work because I haven't been reading my own. I even want to read all my old tweets, and all my old Facebook posts... should I do that? Should I schedule that, at the expense of all other reading? Why the fuck not, actually? I've decided that moving forward I want to really break from the script and do whatever I think is interesting. I want to go somewhere new. So I'll do that. I'll postpone all my Heavy Reading until I do a Heavy Read of my own feeds- Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr and so on. And I'll do it in a very deliberate, systematic way, and I'll write down my thoughts about it. Boom.

After a while, we found that we got stuck less and less. I think this was because our daily commitment to chatting about what we're stuck with actually jogs our subconscious into picking things that we're less likely to get stuck with. We anticipate the "what are you stuck with?" question and we start applying it ourselves, before anybody else. We frame our problems and challenges more precisely, so that failure is less likely.

After a while, we realized that we could keep track of the stuff we were talking about, and use it to plan future tasks, to assign other tasks. (We tied this up with Asana, which we tried earlier to use as a collaborative task-management system, but we would often fall short on it because things would happen and not get checked off, and it wouldn't be the most accurate representation of reality... so we would all have multiple versions of reality, and end up having to ask each other over IM or email).

But since having daily sync-ups, we'd just double-check on all our tasks, update and/or delete old ones, reassign things, update things, so on and so forth.

I then thought that merely talking about status updates was getting a little bit boring and stale (in a good way– like a boring news day because there's no drama), and that we could get more out of each other if we used the opportunity to also tackle interesting questions and challenges outside of the scope of our daily work. I decided that we'd have a "question of the day" to think about and to answer– things that would make our work more interesting, things that would help us get to know each other better, things that would make things better on any dimension. Questions we started out with were- what are you curious about? What do you want to get better at? What can we do to make our environment more fun? Things like that. And then we create and assign tasks, and then we get things done.

These daily sync-ups have become the highlight of my day. I feel more connected with my team members. I feel like I understand them and their interests better. I feel like I know better what they want to do, what they want to learn, and I have more context for how I can serve them, both through my work and through things outside of work. Talking to other people about the work I'm doing– and committing in advance to the process– helps me make sense of why my work is important. Prior, I would just pick tasks at random– and more often than not pick things that were simple or easy rather than things that were important. It's not like I'm the most systematic man around right now– I'm still really random and inefficient, but just being accountable to other people has made me make much better decisions.

I'm thinking now about smoking as well– how I'm pretty sure my work environment played a huge factor in helping me quit smoking, because I cared about what my colleagues thought of me. And while I'm sure none of them thought horribly of me just because I was a smoker, I enjoy having quit smoking in their company. I want to do other things that make them happy and proud, because they're great people.

I think I first got this idea after doing 1-1s with my boss. (When I asked him where he got the idea– because I'm not particularly well versed in this sort of management thinking– he pointed me to Ben Horowitz. This is an especially powerful read.) I met another one of my colleagues for a 1-1 a couple of days ago over lunch before we headed to work, and he told me that he was starting to apply such thinking to the rest of his life as well. I relate. I've started thinking about applying 1-1 thinking to my other relationships with people that I care about.[1]

It's not so much about "being businessy" or "corporate" or any of that stodgy stuff. It's about prioritization. About focusing on what is important, and about encouraging communication. You can meet somebody every day and talk to them about all kinds of junk and yet feel like you didn't learn anything about each other, like you didn't actually connect. You were going in circles, but you never got to the things that actually matter. You avoid the elephants in the room, you have safe and boring conversation. There is value in that for sure, but I think there's a lot more value in addressing the difficult things.

Of course, if this applies in conversational space then it doubly applies in every other kind of space, too. Which is something very worth thinking about. Just as I wouldn't want to play poker with fake money, I wouldn't really want to have small-talk conversations without any real stakes. Not because I dislike small-talk, but because I should prioritize things that have real influence, real significance.

It's possible to have fun and be of significance at the same time, so. Some people will misunderstand this, and some people will get it. And to demonstrate that fun+significant+focus principle in action, in a meta way– it makes zero sense for me to engage with the people who deliberately misunderstand it. Only with the people who ask genuine questions, borne out of curiosity.

Anyway... so I want to get more out of all of this. I want to do regular sync-ups with myself. Writing helps me do that. But I can afford to be more deliberate still.

[1] This also makes me think about how my "work" writing has bled into the way I think about doing my "casual" writing. It's not particularly a deliberate choice. I started out trying to separate my work and personal writing, thinking that they were two separate things that shouldn't mix. My work writing was supposed to be more scientific, and by extension I thought it would be more cold, less fun, so on. But it turns out that being scientific in your thinking is a hell of a drug– because it's about identifying what matters. You end up focusing on whatever is most important. And this is a skill that translates well to any sort of pursuit. You start looking for the most important and counter-intuitive things everywhere you go. And if you learned this while trying to write serious things, you'll find that it also makes your jokes funnier– because you seek out whatever is most funny about something. And so it goes.
Yes. What is this distaste of mundanity? Why do I have it? Why does everything need to be cool and exciting and new? Part of that is the human brain, yeah, we all crave novelty. And maybe I've grown to crave it more than other people might, kinda like how some people get addicted to sugar. Maybe part of it is brain wiring, maybe part of it is developed over time, probably both.

So what? Then what? How do we rewire the brain? Practice. Repetition.

I'm on-script again.

Okay. It seems like I return to the script whenever I try to diverge from it, out of habit. My subconscious does not yet have the systems it needs to make the breaks that I think it does. So this is an interesting challenge. What do you do when your brain keeps going back to the script, and you want to ditch it?

I suppose you stick to the script, but you remix it. You invert it. You switch it up around. You contradict yourself and you go crazy. Maybe I don't have a distaste for mundanity, maybe I love it! Maybe I haven't made any mistakes at all, maybe eerything I've done up to this point is actually the best thing I could've done, and it's just not obvious. It's just not clear. What if that were the case? :P

I know that's not entirely likely, but I need to go somewhere different with these vomits. I need some different stimulus, some different interpretations. And I want to keep writing today, and see how much I can do, how far I can go without having to do a whole bunch of preparation. It feels like the next step is to get a bit absurd.

If I free myself to become absurd, to go crazy, what happens? Or what if I constrict myself to the crazy and absurd? Nyeh. Cough, sputter. If I'm boring myself, it's not worth doing. I'm jus trying to make up the numbers now.

What have been my most unscripted moments? Probably going off social media, maybe. Did not see that coming, because that was so contrary to what I wanted. There have been times where I've gone off-script in a very irresponsible, damaging way. The real challenge is to go off-script in a way that adds rather than subtracts. To do street art, not ugly defacement. To make things more beautiful.

How do you do that? You have to awaken to the beauty that is already there. So there's something I'm mising and I won't find it by looking for it.

What other mistakes do I make, apart from all the meatbag management ones? If I follow my own system, there are prioritization mistakes and context mistakes. And then again it's quite straightforward. I hung out with the wrong people for me, or at least I hung out with people I liked long after it didn't really feel like we had any reason to hang out anymore. I play the same old songs, walk the same old paths, and I do them over and over again even after they're overdone.

Because I'm a creature of habit. I think too small on some scales, and too big on others. How do you get to the goldilocks zone? I guess to START small, and then to increase in size progressively. These vomits are probably the best representation I have so far of me doing that effectively. A thousand words at a time, a thousand times.

Maybe my mistake is the obsession with the script? I think about the script, I think about ditching it, I think about my relationship with it, I think about what people will think. I shouldn't care. What happens if I let go of trying to let go, and just go with what I feel compelled to do? What DO I feel compelling to do, say, in this given moment? I'm reaching a messy end of something that doesn't really have a head or tail. Doesn't really go anywhere. It just is, a strange puddle of awkwardness.

I suppose on hindsight this one might be the starting / jumping off point where I start thinking about absurdity, about deviating from scripts. Maybe I can go into the individual details of those things along the way. We'll think, we'll see.

[1] I'm reminded of what the Hyperbole and a Half lady talked about adulthood– this idea that we can do everything we need to do in a heroic burst, and then never have to do anything ever again. It's a very delicious fantasy. But that's not how life works. That's an illusion.

The good news is that- when you start changing your habits, they can stick. The challenge is to make it sticky, and to keep at it, and to change your environment/context to suit it, and to make it a part of your new identity... the whole thing is rather complex, which is why it isn't easy. We are all, at any given moment, probably in a state of equilibrium. It's very unlikely than any random stimuli is going to change us significantly, because we're very invested in our positions– courtesy of multiple factors conspiring together.

So it takes a very cunning plan to break from these existing patterns (which might be optimal for some circumstance but not for all circumstances, and almost never the case for rapidly changing circumstances).
Here's a random thought– I remember once reading in Bass Player magazine about a bassist who played for a circus, and I thought to myself– wow, that must be an amazing gig. I can't remember the precise details of the circus bassist's gig, but I like thinking that he played along to acrobats and to horses and all sorts of tricks and flourishes– and the idea of that really tickled me. It seemed so much bigger and grander than what I had considered a bassist's job to be.

I also got really into the idea of being the bass player at a cabaret– I imagine like this really varnished, cigars-and-whiskey, 50s or 70s sort of charm. Corsets, fishnet stockings, garters. Gentlemen in suits and vests and bowler hats. Most importantly, the groove never stops– from opening time to closing time, it just keeps going. Someone's always keeping it alive– a drummer, a bass player... actually, what else plays in a caberet? Brass, I imagine– saxaphones, trumpets, trombones. Lots of sharp moves, big smiles, big band stuff. (Looked caberet music up on YouTube– listening to this now... just realized I missed out the piano. Oops.)

I wonder how these curiosities and curious thoughts translate to other spheres outside of music. In the above cases, I learnt to think of music as more than just something contained within 3 minute pop songs, or even albums– rather, they were deconstructed into entire, holistic experiences. Which in turn reminds me of the following image, from a subway station in Berlin:

I feel very strongly about this. I tried to allude to this when talking about Landsburg's More Sex is Safer Sex– there's the content of the writing itself, and there's the context. There's a whole art to context. There's the book, and there's the library that the book is in, or the gallery or whatever. The photo, and the frame. You have to plan for the totality of the experience. What happens before, what happens after, how everything comes together.

Okay, you get the idea. [1]

So what is the totality of experience of these vomits? I started out wanting to just complete this, and it was in a sense meant to be somewhat deliberately inacessible. Not so much BY design, but more of... I was deliberately deciding not to care about it. But if I thought about caring about it over the course of writing it, then that would be okay. I allow myself to change my priorities and parameters over time. The only thing that really needs to be maintained from start to finish is 1000 sessions of 1000 words– everything else is totally a candidate for change. I might end up doing some sort of weird project where vomits 300 to 400 are a work of fiction, and 401 to 500 are some other genre. Why not? I can't possibly spend one MILLION words just talking about meatbag management, context management, resource management? There has to be more.

I can only write about my experience. My problem is that I don't know what I don't know, and I don't know what's hiding from me in plain sight. Am I bored? Boredom is an expression of laziness, and I am not lazy. The world is endlessly fascinating. There is more that I want to do than I will ever be able to do, so I should pick something and start doing it. Right now it feels like I'm just writing for the sake of writing, to see how long I can keep this going. Does it mean that I've run out of things to say? Of course not. There is always more to say. But at the present moment I'm not sure what's the most interesting thing to say. And I'm not sure if I can get to more interesting things just by pursuing the next word. But let's keep going. Let's just keep moving. I can afford to toss out a few vomits in the pursuit of mindless banality just to see if everything gets exhausted. Maybe in the next vomit I'll start making lists and see if I get tired of that. Hey, wasn't that what Bradbury suggested for writing exercises? Pick nouns that mean something to you and really explore them. I think that's going to happen.

I have about a hundred words to close my thoughts on caged eagles. I know what the script is for a caged eagle– that every eagle is in its own cage, in a sense, in the cage that says "I am an eagle"– (i'm talking about people, not actual eagles. Nature doesn't give a fuck.) The concept "eagle" is a cage. The concept "cage" doesn't nearly map onto "eagle" as much. So there is an asymmetry there.

Do I feel like a caged eagle? Maybe. I think it's more like– I'm not sure what to feel. I know the big picture– in the later stages I'm a big confident eagle, sure. But right now, what am I? I'm just a feathered dude banging his head silly against the wood, because he's curious to see what happens. Let's see what happens. Let's keep moving.

[1] Where does lead to, with other things in my life? How am I caged? I'm currently listening to Brian Eno's Music For Airports as I write this, and I went to look him up again– and rediscovered that he made the Windows opening theme. He talked about how interesting it was to try and write a piece of music that short, and have all of those qualities. It was like crafting a little jewel. Maybe my problem right now is that I'm trying to write... 1000 words, over and over again. And I've gotten stretched really thin. The openness has become a sort of birdcage of its own. For me to break from it I need to give myself some interesting constraints. I need to frame things as problems so that I can solve them. (This is somewhat unrelated to the premise of this post– it's really more of a function of the music I'm listening to.)

What sort of constraints can I give myself, that would challenge me? I got into this idea of compressing each vomit into a tweet. What if I dedicated a couple of vomits to that, rather than adding a tweet to each vomit? That might be a little more interesting.

I think I'm entering the zone of "what the fuck", and this is whre it gets fun. This is where it gets interesting. I'm tempted to pour myself a glass of whiskey, but perhaps I should just keep going.

Earlier at dinner I was watching Robert Mckee talk about Story. He talked about a whole bunch of things that interest me. How some people become master craftsmen but don't really have anything to say, and how some people have something to say– and usually end up developing some degree of technical proficiency in the process.

I'm definitely not a master craftsman and I don't think I should ever claim to be– nor do I really aspire to be. Even after all of this– after I am willing to say that I love writing and would like to devote my life to it– I'm more interested in figuring out how to come up with better things to write about than I am in figuring out how to write specific things well. I think that's why I get so frustrated with tactics-driven perspectives on writing. It misses the forest for the trees.

Robert also talked about dialogue, and how bad dialogue is often repetitive because people can't figure out the best way to say the thing that they want to say. I realize that I'm incredibly guilty of this. I have been repeating myself over and over again throughout these vomits and throughout my life. Perhaps I'm hoping that if I repeated myself enough, eventually I'll find a way. And that's another classic observer-participant problem. The reason that the repetition is supposed to give way to the elegant solution is that I'm supposed to eventually spot some pattern, eventually get annoyed or frustrated in some way, or eventually just accidentally mis-copy what I was going to copy, and in that moment there is some sort of Eureka. I can sort of get that, I can sort of surrender to that process.

Perhaps at the end of the million words, what will be interesting is to then see how much it can be compressed into. It seems like generally things can be compressed into about a tenth of the space, so that means maybe a hundred thousand words. And if then there is still some repetition I might be able to compress it further still. An exciting prospect, but I'm getting way ahead of myself. What matters is that I get this moment right, right here right now. And all of this is just practice. All of this is just notes, just warmup, rehearsal. I'm rehearsing so that when the moment comes and I have something really important to write, I don't get intimidated or overwhelmed by the moment. I deliver, as professionals do. I create the magic, I create the music, as I've done the rote work a million times before.

Robert also talked about the importance of having something to say, having some insight into human behavior, havin something you care about, knowing what is the art in you (rather than obssessing about yourself in the art– like people who want to get into showbiz because they think it's glamorous or whatever). I will confess– I expect that I will get some sort of recognition when I cross a million words. It's a newsworthy event to some people. I don't think anybody has ever sat down and deliberately attempted what I'm doing– that's part of why I'm attempting it.

But if I could either have the work and nobody recognize me for it, or get that sort of recognition by chance on some existing piece of work, I would prefer to have the work. I have no existing piece of work that really thrills me. Everything is incompetent. Everything is subpar. And maybe everything will always be subpar, but I'd like things to be subpar in a progressively better way. I was scanning through some of my writing from 2009 and I can decisively say that it was boring drivel– the sort of unimaginative, simplistic stating-of-the-obvious that I now find cumbersome and tedious when I encounter it.

And I can pertty much be assured that I will find this tedious and boring too in a few years' time. Maybe even in a year, if I am prolific and reflective enough. And the idea of that excites me, thrills me. I can't wait to get sick of my own work because I'm producing things that are so different, so fresh, so new. Not necessarily original, nothing is original– but something that's interesting, something that's actually worth considering, that adds value to the world. First to me– first I need to add value to me. I need to write for myself and figure out what I want to see written.

Oh yeah, Rob Mckee again– he taled about how dialogues were repetitive and they'd go through the same beats- people responding with the same intensity to the same thing, and cycling through over and over. I have a hunch that a great taste for story will also compel people to bust out of ruts, because getting stuck in a rut forever is a boring story. Stories arise out of conflict. So what is my conflict, and how do I reach a breakthrough? If I'm stuck, what's holding me back, and what should I be attacking?

Story then can be used as a thinking tool for navigating a situation. Who's the hero? Me. Who's the "damsel in distress",  or what is "the holy grail"? Peace of mind, joy, happiness, big movements of dance. Awareness. Clarity. Who's the villain? My saboteur, the status quo, things that are boring. Who is my bringer of supernatural aid, who is my Gandalf? In a sense, my boss. In another sense, my peers. In another sense, my wife. In another, all of science and knowledge, the better animals and judgements of our nature. Everybody who's ever written a book or made a video in support of the person I am trying to become. Les Brown and MateusZ and everyone.

What is the struggle to be undertaken, what is the call to adventure? To put away my distractions and to scrutinize my life intensely, as if it were a puzzle, without giving up, without giving in. How will I keep going?

One word at a time.

The short answer then is that it spares me having to do any real work. I just ramble on in awe about amazing context. I'm getting tired of that.

What is the path to me working on big problems? [0069]

That's a fairly easy one, isn't it? There are people who are already working on big problems– you need to get to know them, and you need to convince them that they ought to get you on board. Alternatively, you could get better at what you're already working on, and increase the power of the organization that you're a part of. This seems like a great bet, because you already have a great team.

What's the literal next step? I think it means getting more efficient at what I'm currently doing, and externalizing that so that other people can also do what I'm doing, and offer criticism and advice.

How to be excited to jump out of bed? [0071]

Great question, and obviously one that I'm not qualified to answer. Here's what I'm going to try. I'm going to bring my spindle to the room, and if I wake up early, I'll create a task "jumped out of bed", and jump out of bed and skewer that bitch! I think I need some endorphins. Right now what I do is

What is the set of my limitations / quirks / habits? [0072]

I suppose these things fall into meatbag / prioritization / context management problems?

Meatbag:

I don't breathe deeply enough. I don't meditate enough. I should take meditation breaks frequently.

I don't eat healthy enough, or eat properly. This is primarily because I have an unhealthy relationship with food and food preparation. I am trying to make a difference with this one by watching videos about food preparation. I should do this more.

I don't exercise as regularly as I should. But I have started by making a little routine that I'm proud of. I should probably be willing to wait a while after my first run to run again. And maybe then try to run for 3 rounds.

Prioritization:

I don't plan my work days. This is partially because I'm silly and arrogant and think that things will change– and also because I sleep late and then rush to work and then feel obliged to start immediately. I should change my environment to remind myself. I've just added a post-it. I should create a list of things I should do to improve my environment. I've just added a post-it to create a list of 10 things. (SMART goals ftw!)

I don't read books enough. I find that keeping a single book by my bed makes a difference. I've just created another task– spend 25 mins thinking about how to get me to read more.

Why not read more books? [0072]

I think I've made some progress in thinking about this! See: 0095]

Because it's simple, convenient and easy. Easier than cutting the crap and doing the hard work of getting shit done. Which is what I'm trying to transition to.

What makes smart people lazy? [0056]

Laziness can be interpreted in terms of the procrastination equation– expectancy, value, impulsiveness, delay. Smart people might have lower expectancy of succeeding tasks because they are more aware of how things might fail. They might value things less because they anticipate how everything is pointless and how you'll get bored and tired with each individual thing. Smart people might have a habit of living in their heads (and then to one side) rather than in their bodies, and so they don't listen when their bodies want to feel joy, pleasure, satisfaction. They write those things off.

Just some preliminary thoughts. If you want to dig into the details, "smart" is a rather messy, complicated term. You don't really know what smart means, or if you can be thought of as smart. Let's talk specifics instead of such odd, misunderstanding-friendly abstractions.

Also, being lazy is always pleasant in the short run. It's like staying longer in the water because you're afraid it's going to be cold when you get out. Of course, the later it gets, the colder it gets, but... you know. Silly brains and their hyperbolic discounting.

Who am I away from the noise? [0066]

I'm still trying to figure this out, and obviously there isn't going to be a short answer. This is a work in progress, an evolving sort of thing. But I think away from the noise I have better posture, breathe deeper, and more confident and in control. Or maybe away from the noise I cease to recognize the need for a coherent "I". Anyway, let's find out more. Let's keep digging, keep running.

What really drives me nuts? [0091]

This is less straightforward than it might seem. Often the things that annoy me are actually indicators that I'm focused on the wrong thing. I get annoyed, frustrated and jealous around people sometimes, but that's usually my own fault and nothing to do with them. The short answer to the question then is "my own mind", or "my own interpretation", or "how I choose to react to things".

But really, there's no reason to be nuts about anything. I should calm down. Pay attention to the causal relationships of things. Decide what I care about, what I ought to focus on. As long as I'm focused on stuff that matters, I don't get driven nuts.

Sometimes things are annoying but I can address those things if they're really important. I go nuts when I'm not clear. It's like "I sound terrible when my guitar is out of tune" or "I hate it when my guitar is out of tune". Why not tune it then? "Oh, but I'm in the middle of a song." You're always in the middle of a song. Better to stop it and fix it than to just sound terrible all the way through.

If the show is ruined because of a little stop like that, there'll always be another show. And you'll prepare better next time.

At home?

I keep forgetting that my home is MINE, and that I can do whatever I want with it. As long as my wife is okay with it, which I can check quickly by just asking her. If it's something simple and reversible, I can just do it first and take it down if she doesn't like it. But this uncertainty has been making me Not-Act.

In my bedroom?

I want to make sure that I know what I'm reading before I go to bed. This is pleasurable bedtime reading rather than calculated, hard-thinking/heavy reading. I should also include something maybe that's some sort of incentive for me to get up early and go for a run. Maybe I could just have a running task– if I get up early and run in the morning, that gets to be a task in itself. Actually there's no reason why it isn't already– it IS! So why doesn't it inspire me? I guess because it's not immediate. Maybe I should bring my spindle to my room, and then skewer "jump out of bed" once I'm awake. I'll give that a shot.

In my living room?

I like the post its and the calendar i'm currently using. I suppose I'd like something next to my calendar that has a picture of my entire life– I have that life-summary thing in my workflowy, but it's too buried to make a difference. Even seeing it on my desktop I feel wouldn't make that much of a difference... I think it's more important to see it in between things. (Number of weeks left, number of hours, etc etc).

I guess I'd also like some inspiring visual, some inspiring quotes. Some stuff from MateusZ's quotes of Les Brown, etc.

I should break down my existing post-its into things with more constituent-y tasks– right now some of them are overly broad, like "learn to make salad". What do I need to do to learn to make salad? I need to break things into those littler details, because otherwise they're never going to get done.

In my kitchen?

I suppose I could have some sort of plan or plans for the things that I'd like to cook. Maybe a list of recipes so I feel less intimidated. Maybe just a couple so I look at them whenever I walk past. Recipes/instructions on the fridge? I just need to see the process over and over again so it sticks, that's all.

In my study?

I'm loving my spindle, which is the thing that I skewer my post-its and tasks on when I'm done with them. I think I also need to heavily curate the books on my shelves- I have far too many books that I'm not all that excited about reading. I should talk to my wife about this and see what she thinks. I should create a task to go through this vomit again and see all of the things that need doing– I'm going to create it right after I'm done with this.

At work?

I definitely feel like my entire team under-utilizes the actual physical space that we're in– although this is probably me overreacting and exaggerating, because I have a taste for drama that way. But the most important thing is that I start with myself. That I externalize my own process. That I do really MVP versions of the things I think ought to be done– the reviews were a great idea. Should also do complaints! Will just do them first and see what people say.

At my desk?

Currently I have a few too many things, I'm sure. I have a couple of books. Maybe I should leave the Godin book open. The phone books are slightly annoying, I wonder if there's a better solution? Maybe boxes.

Behind me?

I could totally use that space to do a lot of post-it stuff, but I'm not even sure about what I want to do there yet. It's not really a calendar thing.

My monitor?

I should use this to remind myself about correspondence. I can use postits and I just should. They work. I should maybe use postits on my monitor at home too.

In front of me?

What do I need in order to work better? I most need to be reminded to follow a process, to plan, to commit, to be specific, and to follow through. I'm still overly vague about everything. The single most important thing that needs to happen right now is: that I write down my processes. What are "my processes"? I need to define that statement more clearly. I could probably do my next vomit about the process of making things more precise, turning vague goals into smart measurable bla bla goals.

Elsewhere in the office?

I'll just make little suggestions when they occur to me.

On my phone?

I reformatted it recently. I should still kill more apps. And... I should use my calendar more. Why am I not currently using it? I suppose I don't have a clear-cut phone routine. The empty page isn't helping, it's just... yeah. It's a clusterfuck. I need to figure out what is optimum, and I think the optimum thing is that 1- I use it for calendaring my day,

On my Mac?

I sorted out my photos, which was a good first start. I still need to sort out my workflowy better.

In my notebooks?

On my browser?

Happy to have AdBlock, RescueTime which I don't really use but can look at if I need to.
This is a prioritization question. I guess this is a solved problem? I'm thinking about Covey's 7 Habits. Be proactive, begin with the end in mind, first things first. What does that mean in terms of cognitive resources? I think if there's a resource allocation problem the first thing is to ask if there's anything that's forcing there to be limited resources? Is there anything that can be done to increase the total amount of resources available? That's important but not necessarily critical– I think if you're not careful you can fall into the trap of trying to expand your resource pool without actually using them to do anything.

The most important thing is to APPLY and EXPEND those resources in the pursuit of attaining something small, effective and concrete that starts a sets a good feedback loop in motion. Repeating the answer in the first question.

Don't aim to do big grand projects. Don't aim to sharpen the saw for the sake of sharpening the saw. Get something small done that's a decisive step in the right direction, get a reward from it and then do it again and watch it add up.

What is my background brain currently occupied with? [0080]

Paul Graham's Top Thing On Your Mind question. What is the top thing on my mind? Mainly I guess I want to be done with my vomits as fast as possible. I want to read all my books as fast as possible. I want to learn to cook. I want to go through all my old stuff in a systematic way. Are these really the top TOP things on my mind? Is there something I think about in between all of those things? What do I think about when I'm in the shower? Mostly I'm thinking about whatever I owe the world, whatever missed obligations I have... what happens when I don't have any obligations? I can't remember...

This is revealing the importance to me of meditation, reflection, running and so on. If I wake up early tomorrow I'm going for a run and then I'm going to sort of relax and see what comes to mind. I'm now thinking that I'd like to help my team at work get even better.

No I think the top thing on my mind is my career. I want to know how it all plays out. I should chat with my team more about our plans for the future, about what events we want to see happen, so on and so forth. (Heh, this feels slightly deja vu-ish– I feel like I wrote about something I wanted to talk about, and how after I wrote it I felt like I no longer had to ask it.)

But mainly I guess my background brain is wondering if I'm on the right track?

I don't know, we'll see.

Why am I not doing the work? (Jealousy, narcissism) [0078]

I'm tired of all the machismo nonsense of trying to feel like I'm just not motivated enough, or I'm not hardworking enough, or I don't want things badly enough. I think that's bullshit. I think I know that I want to do the work. If it's not happening, it's either because there's something blocking me at a deeper level than I realize, or there's something that I don't know how to do, or there's something about the way I've assembled everything.

What's the case here?

"It's okay to be a rambly bastard in private" – why am I a rambly bastard at all? [0098]

My wife wants to know this too. I'm not very sure. I wonder what the origins were. Was I a rambly kid? I used to read a lot of books, but I don't recall being a very talkative kid. I wasn't particularly shy... I would talk a lot to my peers I guess. I remember getting into trouble for talking too much in Primary school... but isn't socializing the whole point? Mark Zuckerberg said so! :P

I think I'm partially a rambly bastard because I feel awkward not being a rambly bastard.

What is my identity/narrative now? [0096]

For the longest time it was– lackadaisical, devil-may-care sorta guy. I used to be the social media power user guy, always concerned about public issues, keeping people well-informed with quality news and quality information.

Now I'm trying to keep it as simple and small as possible. I want to become a person who gets shit done. That means making my system a lot smaller, focusing on much fewer things, and seeing things through to the end as quickly as possible.

Max number of vomits in a day? I guessed 10. [0074]

Interesting that I took so long to answer this question. This is a fairly consistent thing in my life, I think– I tend to feel good about myself by thinking that I have some ability to some degree that I have not tested.

Well, today at the end of this, once I publish this, I would have done 10 vomits in 12 hours at a moderate/leisurely-ish pace. I had lunch and dinner, did the laundry, did the dishes, and idled around here and there. But so 10 vomits in a day was a valid guess. I'd like to try and beat myself in a subsequent attempt, managing my day and time better. I'm aiming for 15 next time.

Games that really give you a sense of life, in terms of $$ and time? [0093]

It should exist! It seemed to me like Will Wright's Spore attempted to do this. Maybe Civilization does this too. Maybe I should play Civilization. Now that sounds like a decision I'd really regret (in terms of time cost). Mass Effect did feel amazing. I'd like to play other games like Mass Effect.

Counter-insurgency model of anti-saboteur? [0075]

I'm very into this idea that most war metaphors fall short. Sometimes people say things like you have to declare war on X– declare war on fat, etc. I think it's far more interesting and accurate to think of complex change situations as counter-insurgencies– the battle is not just for military victory, but for political legitimacy. To genuinely win over the hearts and minds of people, in this case the people in your head. Not enough people talk about this, and I think Counter Insurgency is itself incredibly complex... nobody's really mastered this.

Something to think about.

I'll stop here and maybe expand on some of these further in future posts.
I had a little mini epiphany of sorts a while ago where I realized that the thing that mattered most to me was to be able to trust myself. A lot of the grand epic things I try to do, or talk about doing, all of that might be my way of overcompensating for the fact that I used to be called lazy and lackadaisical and all that. I didn't want to be that slacker bum, like that annoying "business partner" Tom Haverford had in Parks and Rec who didn't want to do any work, who just wanted the glory of wannabe clever ideas. Gosh, what an annoying prick. I saw a bit of myself in him, which was really scary and painful.

So I have this magnificent boulder on my shoulder that I want to get rid of. [1] And I can only get rid of it by being disciplined and conscientious in service of myself, towards goals that I deem worthy. I think writing a million words will help me with that.

So I guess I'll just quickly talk about my approach to breaking down this boulder, and to learning to trust myself. How do I trust myself? I need concrete evidence, proof. I need to do things regularly, first little things and then add those little things up into bigger things. I have accomplished things at work, but it often feels like the failures exceed and outnumber the successes. I suppose they always will. Intellectually I can appreciate that, but I don't like the idea of living a life in constant misery. Well it's not CONSTANT misery, but I should be able to struggle and push myself without feeling like I'm always on the brink of bursting. Well- again, I'm never BURSTING, but I'm pretty sure the discomfort and frustration I feel isn't a healthy, positive amount of frustration. I'm exerting myself a little too hard and a little not-smartly-enough. I'm like that guy at the gym lifting weights too heavy for him, with form that's questionable. Injury is imminent if I'm not careful. And I suppose I actually do get 'injured' in a sense, from time to time, and then that sidelines me and I can't make any progress. And it perpetuates this narrative that I have in my head that I'll never be fit, that I'll never be healthy, that I'm doomed to this stupid miserable cycle and I should just try to find whatever pleasure I can, wherever I can, from mixed feelings park and from the dark playground. I don't want that shit. It's really sad and really shitty.

So I need to work on small bits- c'mon man we've been repeating this for 200,000 words now. I suppose the mini breakthrough is the realization that maybe online/digital apps and stuff don't feel that great because they're "illusory", they don't feel "real". I've tried things like the X effect- it seemed to help me quit smoking, but I then tried to do it for 3 things at once- watch a video, meditate and reflect- and I couldn't do all of those three things at once for 49 days in a row. Maybe I really gotta start with just one.

Anyway the thing I'm doing that I'm really excited about and have been keeping up with for i think a couple of weeks now is- I got one of those receipt impaling things from the local bookstore, and I've been writing my to-dos and tasks on post-its and little pieces of paper. When they get done, I fuckin' impale them. It's very, very satisfying. I think as a habit it's going to stick. I'm eagerly looking forward to filling the tower to the brim.

[1] As I write this I realize- the boulder seems to simultaneously exist and not exist, depending on whether I'm thinking about it or not. It goes in and out of focus. I can distract myself and avoid thinking about it. I can look away and- out of sight, out of mind. But I think it's there. I don't think it's actually possible for me to live my life pretending it doesn't exist until it doesn't, because that limits my range of freedom, it limits the space I can navigate.

What's the real deal here? I suppose it's just a part of my brain, a part of the landscape/city that is my mind, my life. And if I wanted to I could spend a lifetime avoiding it. But that would be an impoverished life, a limited life, and it seems like there are all sorts of costs to that, just as there are costs to letting part of a city fester and rot. You have to hold your nose everytime you walk past it, have to ignore the pain and suffering.
Two is to work this into our daily lives– to realize that at any moment, anything that we take for granted could be completely wrong. Things are wrong with different degrees of probabilities, and can be wrong in different ways.

How do we get people thinking about this? That's an overly large question. I think the answer begins with good stories, with great setups and intense punchlines. (Sometimes the punchline might be intense in its subtlety, which also counts. But I digress.)

To get away from the overly large question– I shouldn't really have to bother trying to get other people to think about this. All I need to do is to correct my own misperceptions.

My hypothesis is this– while there is truth in the fact that helping others is good (and you should always help other people when you get the chance), the BEST way you can help people you haven't met yet... is to first help yourself, and become someone that they admire, are impressed by and want to learn from. It's easier to do this with evidence rather than rhetoric. Show, don't tell.

There is a bit of a circular element when we talk about creating value WITH rhetoric– that is, with great copywriting, with great marketing. Reality is a little messy like that.

I think the proper way to think about it is– if you're doing the work that you'll be actually selling to people, that's value. If you're just talking about the work you're going to be doing, or talking about the talking that you're going to be doing, then you're kinda fucked.

Let's end that here for now.
# Asymmetrical Warfare – "There are two kinds of warfare, asymmetrical and stupid."
I think I really fell in love with this idea because it seemed to me that I was losing horribly at the conventional warfare of my everyday life as a schoolboy. I couldn't appreciate my setting and environment, I didn't feel fully engaged, I didn't feel fully alive, it was tiring and painful and scary and I wasn't equipped. I was a fish being tasked to climb a tree and I hated it. So the idea of winning the race by jumping into the sea– by changing the frame, by fighting asymmetrical– really appealed to me.

"If you want to win, you have to play "dirty".

I think it's very interesting to meditate on what "playing dirty" means. There are some things that clearly violate rules and codes of conduct. But there are other things that are not so clear, and I think all amazing, overwhelming value tends to be created in these grey areas.

The first example that comes to mind is AirBnb. They're not exactly a hotel. Uber is not exactly a Taxi company. Facebook is not exactly a media company. All of these things "play dirty" in the sense that they eschew the conventional playbooks and attack the problem from a different angle. They question the assumptions, question the frameworks, use different frameworks altogether. It's a classic disruption scenario.

I'm reminded of a quote by Paul Graham where he says there's no way that Bill Gates would have been able to become the CEO by climbing a corporate ladder– he could only have built a company underneath him. He said something else similar about Steve Jobs– you can't hire a visionary product person. Historically, visionary products come from people who start companies themselves and manage not to get fired or destroy themselves/the company along the way

"Choose your battles wisely. Check yourself. Choose the battlefield, weapons, circumstances."

I suppose this was a reminder to myself to live purposefully. To pay attention to the surroundings, to the circumstances. I was too used to making lots and lots of impromptu, improvised decisions without thinking ahead, without doing the reading. I remember when I first read MBTI, my mind was blown at how narrow my conception had been of other people's personalities. I assumed people either were like me, liked me, or were wrong in some way. [1]

I then realized that people might be introverted, might not enjoy long, supposedly-logical arguments, so on and so forth. My next mindfuck might have been the 48 Laws of Power, when I realized that social reality was far, far more complex than I had ever imagined previously. People don't necessarily assume that you have good intentions when you speak the truth. People don't necessarily mean what they say. The best way to persuade people isn't necessarily, again, through argument and rhetoric.

This was a reminder to me to pay attention, to be present, to stop making so many assumptions.

I do wonder what's the next thing that's going to blow my mind. Lost Illusions, The User Illusion. I'm now re-reading Taleb's Black Swan, and feeling pretty good about it. It's a reminder that a lot of the way I make decisions, and the way most people make decisions are very faulty. We have all these assumptions and illusions and confusions.

[1] I don't mean YOU'RE WRONG!!! in a forceful, I-win-you-lose kinda way, but more like... 'if I don't understand it, it's irrelevant to me'. Which I suppose must be how the ultra-conservative-religious sort might feel about things when they don't make sense to me.
This is also consistent with Chris Hadfield's idea that we can remove our fears, our limiting beliefs, by being scientific about it, and then walking into our fears head on.

I'm starting to learn to cook, I'm starting to believe that it's possible for me to run and do well on my runs. Things that matter to me because they were previously limiting beliefs that kept me stuck within very strict patterns, very strict loops.

I want to break out of those loops. I want to meet who I will become.

What are the principles of resourcefulness?

I suppose the first thing is to have an audit of all your existing resources.

Figure out what the most important ones are, what the most precious ones are. In my case I think it's clear/alert time. That time is a lot more precious than I realize, because not all time is spent in a very clear state of mind. I have to protect it with the right context, the right environment, and I have to be careful to avoid burning out. I have to pace myself. All of these are things that I have not yet developed proper systems for, despite being a working adult for 2 years. I suppose some people spend their whole lives not doing it, but I don't want to compare myself with those people. I can only compare myself against Yesterday-Me.

What next after the audit and figuring out what's most important (in my case, cognitive resources?) I guess then you have to decide where those resources should go. First pay attention to how much of it you have, and where you're currently allocating it. (In my case, I'm allocating it in a very random, ad-hoc, haphazard way.

What should they be spent on? What are the highest leverage activities? What are the good things, and what are the great things, and how do you focus more on the latter? I guess in my case I have to develop things like timeboxing, scheduling. Things that I haven't done yet, my whole life, probably because I'm scared or intimidated in some way. What am I afraid of? What's stopping me? Accountability... I fear that I'll be revealed to be a fraud and a failure, that I can't actually do the things that I know I should be doing.

Which, when you lay out openly on the table (and I'm sure I've done this before), starts to sound really silly. Because the trick is then just to focus on doing something really simple and small, and then reward yourself for having done that, and then tackle something slightly bigger. A small bite of the most important thing is far more effective, important and useful than a large bite of an unimportant thing.

I started out not really biting anything at all, and generally just following my nose at random. Now I know that the nose is an unrealiable beast, and shouldn't be trusted. I went into a phase where I was just biting a lot of unimportant stuff. I still haven't quite gotten around to doing the important stuff. Again, it's irrational- important stuff is scary because if you do it wrong, you look stupid. But I shouldn't worry about looking stupid. The people I work with don't care. My loved ones don't care. I should be willing and eager to look stupid, because otherwise it means that I'm just circling the same old ground, over and over and over.

So resourcefulness, eh. Ultimately boils down to taking a tiny sword and thrusting it into the little scary space in the middle of the dragon marked X.

[1] I don't think anybody ever framed it that way for me. You need to become more resourceful to enjoy your life better. You need to learn time management to enjoy your life better. It was always a sort of obligation, always a sort of commitment, like homework. Something I had to do because somebody else said I should do it, because it was in their interests. My parents wanted me to do well in school and get a good job, because it would mean that they were successful as parents. My teachers wanted me to have good grades, because it would mean that they were successful in their jobs as teachers. Somehow nobody really seemed to frame it as a win-win (which is one of Covey's 7 habits, init?).

I think that's how we should frame it. That's how I want to frame it for everybody I talk to from now on, and for myself. It's not about what you should do. It's about who do you want to be? What makes you happy? And then what would help you achieve that? That's all that really matters.
How do you know when you're being a dick? How do you know not to be a dick? Oddly enough, nobody teaches these things, and these things aren't things that we have broad consensus(es?) about. It feels like something that we end up discussing on reddit, in magazine and other such spaces. Which seems a little silly to me. This should be in the public domain, in the commons.

Oh well. Until that happens, the most I can do for myself is do my own reading, do my own reflection, and think about my own conduct- and how I can improve it, how I can further serve others. I think there was a period of time where I looked at EQ as means to an end– as something I had to teach myself so I could get what I wanted. I think that's still completely valid, but I also think there's a lot of joy in creating experiences for other people that are comfortable and pleasant. And the most important thing might be knowing and learning how to manage the difficult times. How to manage conflict without shying away from it. How to first do what is best, and second do it in the best possible manner that is respectful and appreciative of all the parties involved.

Heh, which reminds me of a Hacker News discussion that happened. Somebody said something kinda silly, somebody responded with something nasty, and then it was all aboard the mean-and-nasty train. (Have I already written about this a few vomits ago? No mind, I'll write it again.) I was bothered by how the discussion had ended there, and I asked one of the guys– why did you choose to be so mean and nasty? Was it a conscious choice, or is that just how you think people ought to respond to the ignorant? Why not use the opportunity to educate?

Interestingly, they (and/or somebody else) sidestepped my point altogether to say that I was being too sensitive (technically I never took offense, or claimed that I was offended– so this is an interesting bit of projection and defensive maneuvering worth studying), and that if I was afraid of the heat I should stay out of the kitchen.

I then replied with my honest belief– that the only thing I want to be sensitive to is the quality of the discussion, and that for some strange reason, whenever people start taking sides and calling each other names, the discussion tends to die. And ultimately that's a lot more boring than being politically correct. Being PC is a very small price to pay to keep a conversation going, to hear all sides of a story, to collect as much information as possible.

Which in turn I think explains why a lot of CEOs and high-level public authorities (Prime Ministers, etc) end up seeming so "boring"– because they don't want to offend anybody needlessly. It's not because they're dying for everybody's approval (although that's quite possible), but it's because picking unnecessary fights and disagreements would hinder them from getting their job done. The more people you have under your stewardship, the fewer things you can really be a huge fan of. This isn't always the case (it seems to be less important if you're the founder-CEO of an innovative new change-the-world company/product, like say Tesla Motors, but if you're running a much larger company that's more "stable", like say McDonalds or PandG, you can't really go around taking risks, picking fights, having strong opinions one way or another.)

Well, at least that's what it seems to be, from my ground-level view. I could be totally wrong, and I would defer to anybody who has any actual experience at being a CEO or working closely with one. (See what I did there? And I'm not bullshitting ya- it's the truth.)

I was just writing about this for a Quora answer too– how do you reconcile honesty with EQ? What if telling the truth means being hurtful? You take great pains to emphasize all the ways in which your knowledge is broken and imperfect, and celebrate all the good things the person has done. When you do that, they're usually dying to hear the actual criticism. And then you apologize for your own failures (BECAUSE THEY EXIST!).

Not to say I've got any of this stuff figured out. But I'm definitely better at this than I was 5-10 years ago. Might have been nice if I didn't have to learn it in such a tedious, painful way. But maybe this is for the best. We'll see.
I guess I'm wondering now about the role breakfast has played in my life. For the most part, I've never really had a regular breakfast habit. When I was in school, I'd typically just drink a cup of milo before leaving home– and those were in my younger days, as I got older I didn't even bother with that. I'd typically just have a cigarette in the morning. (Yeah, I know.)

Come to think of it, my healthiest breakfast routines were during national service, which also seemed to be my most productive times as a writer (I might be romanticizing it by now at this point, because I seem to be remembering it better and better each time. But what I DO remember is that I filled out entire notebooks during my Signals course, and that must have counted for something).

It's a little staggering to think about. What if a whole bunch of my supposed issues– my inattentiveness, fidgetiness, etc were influenced by my bad eating habits? I'm sure it's more complex than I'm making it out to be, and the source of my food issues themselves ought to have been addressed...

let my try and start over. I'm pretty sure I have bad food issues. I don't know if there are any underlying Freudian type reasons that I'm not aware of. I think one of the thing that really messes me up is the fact that I don't have a very good relationship with food preparation. I don't know how to prepare fish or chicken. I don't even really know how to prepare vegetables, though intellectually I know a lot of it is just washing, chopping them up, eating. I hated the taste of plain milk for some reason (I'm now okay with it... after using it to dunk chocolate chip cookies in.)

I used to drink a lot of coke and pepsi– I'd drink a 500ml bottle of it every day in school, and then eat McDonalds after schol everyday. On hindsight that's absolutely horrific. I've been clearly starving and malnourishing myself for maybe 2 decades now. And it must have had some pretty nasty effects on my brain. Quite a scary thought. At least I'm aware enough now to start doing something about it.

One of the first things I need to do I think is to get acquainted with all the kinds of food are available to me. I just had dragonfruit for the first time a few days ago. I think I should systematically go through all the possible food options and sample them with an open, experimental mindset. The only reason my options are as limited as they are is becaus I have all these mental hangups about different kinds of food– some foods are familiar, some are unfamiliar, and I don't like eating the unfamiliar. So the trick then is just to make the unfamilar... familiar.

I had a really emotional moment a month ago when I was eating chicken rice at the nearby coffeeshop on my day off. I realized that... I'm an independent person, a pattern in space-time trying to sustain itself, feed itself. And I'm doing okay, you know? Life often seems to me like a series of failures– every success is just a stepping stone to the next failure.

And I was dependent on my parents for that when I was a kid, entirely dependent. Parents, fast food, hawker fare. And I didn't know how to prepare my own food, apart from toasting bread and eating it with peanut butter, or cheese. That was really the limit of my ability to prepare food for myself, and because of that I was bored really quickly and didn't eat all that much.

But now that I'm an "adult"– married, working, paying off a flat, I can and should start thinking about how to feed myself in a sustainable, suitable way that makes sense for me. The idea that I'll never eat healthy, that I'll never be able to prepare my own food, that I'll never be able to take care of myself– all of those are incredibly painful, frustrating limiting beliefs that have no place in my life. If they were ever valid, I've outgrown them. Things like my parents worrying that I'd hurt myself or burn myself in the kitchen– I'm not even sure if those worries were real, but they're certainly not valid anymore. I'm entirely capable of teaching myself to use knives, to use fire, to use pots and pans to cook and prepare food. And I like to think that I'm a person with taste, so I do believe that over time I'll actually prepare meals that are fun and interesting.

If nothing else, I think just improving the relationship I have with food- preparation and consumption– will greatly improve my quality of life, much more quickly and easily than any of the loftier more philsophical type improvement ideas. So I'll do that.

In 2009 I had a conversation with a friend about life that felt really powerful, and I went home and started writing. This was what I wrote. It was long, rambly and incoherent, and I never got around to finishing it. I thought I'd address it now, because I've been walking over the same old ground lately.

Life is like a massive RPG. It is well and truly free-roam; there is no central storyline or clear plot. 

This is true.

There is no certainty as to what your mission or purpose is, though there are many who would claim that they know. It’s ridiculous to believe any of them, the same way it is ridiculous for men born on an island to claim that they know for certain what lies beyond the ocean. Existence is temporary.

This is true.

At some point in time you will cobble together a working understanding of life and the universe- a weak idea of how minuscule we are, and how nothing is really quite certain or significant in the grand scheme of things.

When we begin, we are aware of our fundamental needs: air, food, water, warmth, and shelter. This is the same for every living creature. What seperates humans from the rest is our ability to think, and to reason.

Thinking and reasoning is great for a lot of things, but it also raises a difficult problem, which is "the POINT of existence".

It's worth remembering this– before we knew how to question, there was no need to have an answer. We simply existed.

When you sit down and try to wrap your mind around it you realise that existence is honestly, ultimately, futile in the grand scheme of things. We all don’t really matter in such a massive context, nothing really does.

This is true.

If you or I disappeared tomorrow, off the face of the earth, the world would go on. This is a very painful truth to accept, but it is also a very important one. Living your life without acknowledging this truth is living a lie.

Important to remember that "painful truth" is painful to the ego, which is an illusion. It's worth acknowledging the truth, but it's also not necessary to fixate on it obsessively. Acknowledge it and let it go.

What can I do in this world, and why would it really matter what I do, when ultimately everything seems futile? What’s the point of working hard at what we do?

Joy. Love. Beauty. And more simply, because not-choosing is a choice, and you're going to learn over the next 6 years that being a bum isn't fulfilling.

When you look at self-preservation, and then at the fleetingness of life itself, it can seem really, really ridiculous to be concerned about stuff like exams, grades, politics, being popular, material wealth.

This is true.

Perhaps it’s a sense of control- you can do something about your exams, or watching tv, or getting laid, and it gives you fleeting satisfaction. However you have to realize that all these things do not actually do very much in helping you preserve yourself, your entity.

Interesting. I was trying to frame self-betterment and self-enlightenment as a self-preservation problem– arguing that all living things are wired to preserve themselves. I'm not so sure if that's necessarily the right frame I should've been using.

What's the right frame, then? I think it should be framed as fun. 

If Wayne had in any way inspired anybody to live better lives, and these people in turn inspire others- raise their children better or whatnot, in essence, Wayne will live on in THEIR progress. Socrates for instance got killed for what he believed in, but he inspired plato and his other students, and he lives on to this day by representing an idea. Ideas, as V (from V for Vendetta) said, are bulletproof.

This is true. Though ultimately there will come the heat death of the universe, so "immortality" as we imagine it is limited by the greater upper bound of the Universe's lifespan. Unless humans or posthumans figure out a way to change that.

But living well is its own reward.

Now think about it- we actually do have a shot at immortality, and self-preservation
if at the very least, in our own communities.

We're 'immortal' (caveats inserted) so long as we stop fixating on the ego, on the self. Just as every wave is 'immortal' in the context of the sea. Remember that waves don't technically even exist– they merely seem to exist. Each wave is just a different configuration of water molecules in a given space at a given time. But it appears to be moving. So it is with you.

If you imagine small-minded people to be in a box, and some of us to be out of the box, it doesn’t make alot of sense for us to be satisfied just floating around outside the box. It doesn’t actually serve any purpose. Some of us going “look at me, look at me, i’m out of the box, and so much better than you losers in the box!”. Some of us floating around thinking “meh, being outside the box doesn’t seem to serve any useful purpose. most people are deluded and i don’t have much purpose. Floating around makes me feel ungrounded, with no direction or reason. This sucks.”

That's because there's an infinite series of boxes, or an endless staircase. See: Tobias Lutke and Tim Urban.

That’s where the emo goth teenager meets the bummed out philosopher who climbs up the tower of Babel and realises that there is no God. Sometimes it feels like “enlightenment” or “intellectual awareness” or whatever you call it is simply a cruel joke- it’s like finding out you have an incurable disease. Sometimes it seems like you’d much rather die happy and ignorant.

There's a step after that. When you realize that "you" is an illusion. There is no incurable disease, because there is no "you".

But it doesn’t seem right, does it? We know that there is no predestined notion of what is “right” and “wrong” and that it’s all defined by ourselves, but from a scientific and logical perspective it does not make sense that what sets us apart and puts us ahead would NOT empower us.

That's an errenous assumption. It would be nice if it were true, but we can't assume that it's true just because we feel it ought to be true.

Imagine that we’re all in a well, and some of us climb out of the well to see a barren land and think, fuck, why did I come out of the well in the first place?

You come out to realize that there is no you. And because it drives you mad to spend your limited life in that limited well.

While we all think we’re so smart and big-picture-y, we miss out on the EVEN bigger picture which is that our roles as individuals are inherently limited! We are part of societies, communities. We are like individual cells of a greater living organism.

This is true.

Every day, our skin flakes and falls off. Yet if you think about it, we still have a “greater” skin that covers our entire body and has a condition, regardless of each individual skin cell. You can have nice glowing skin or dry flaky skin. Each individual skin cell doesn’t really give a damn, and were it capable of thought it would probably think that its life seemed really pointless.

What's buried in there is the realization that the "point" of life can only be discerned by being connected– to yourself, to others, to everything.

Going back to the well, or the box: The idea of getting out of the box, or out of the well is to lead other people out as well. We need a direction to work towards. If say 80% of the people in the box or in the well are firm and happy with being in there
we can’t do much about it, but there are 20% more who are also enlightened, or confused-but-on-the-way- people who essentially realise that there is more to existence than meets the eye, but it isn’t religion or something silly or arty farty.

That... is a bit presumptuous. There's an infinite series of boxes. Thinking that you need to get other people out of their boxes is a sort of box in itself. Get out of that one.

To be gracious human beings, respectful, critical thinking, moral. To inspire them to do the same. We will never see the final fruits of our labour but we can tell when we are making progress. Every day, we make decisions. When we lose track of the bigger, bigger picture, we make decisions based on minor personal needs. Someone once said it’s a choice of being on the angels or on the beasts. I genuinely believe that there is a purpose, a reason, and that it is inside us all along- a reason to live life to the fullest in every sense through the means that we define ourselves.

Good decisionmaking is a pleasurable end in itself, because it leads to more pleasing outcomes. I would redefine that "inner purpose/reason" as our innate utility functions.

We always think that we should do that because we’re told to do so. But see the dilemma is: if you’re being good because you don’t know what it means to be bad, are you really being good? If you do something just because you’re told to do it, does it still count?

The answer is that it doesn't matter. Kicking up a dust won't help you see. If you're worried about being "really good", or whether something "really counts", you've probably fallen into a sort of recursive analytical strange-loop cycle.

As you said at the beginning, life is truly free-roam. You get to decide what counts and what doesn't. You may run into people and environments that disagree with you, and that is complexity that you'll have to navigate. But nothing really counts. So let go, and enjoy yourself.
In Summary:
It's interesting to observe how passionate I was about trying to solve this conundrum. It's easy for me to take all of that stuff for granted now, and to see how much simpler and cleaner my thinking is.

I think I was overly fixated on the Self and the Ego, and I was really in love with this idea of becoming some sort of badass. I now realize all of that is just baggage, and that I can discard most of it– probably all of it.

More to #think about.

Consider the above picture– a given conversation takes place within the plane where points p1, p2 and p3 all lie on. Most conversations happen on a single point, or a single line– a conversation on a plane is great, it's interesting. A conversation is EXHILARATING when you can change planes– when you can go orthogonal altogether– in the direction n.

Some conversations are bigger and broader in scope than others, but there's a bandwidth limitation– you can only communicate so much information with your words, body language, whatever you choose to use as a transmission medium. Great art seems to transcend this limitation, communicating a LOT of information in a little bit of data.

3- Silent evidence is a huge problem. HUGE. Conversationalists are always over represented in conversation. Conversation itself is costly, and there's a large class of people who are either unable or unwilling to participate in conversation. Rape victims are underrepresented in conversations about rape. Poor people are underrepresented in conversations about social class, public policy and pretty much everything (because they're too busy trying to survive, or tired from the ordeal.) Women, people of colour and queer folk are underrepresented everywhere.

4- I repeat- ALL conversation is TERRIBLY poisoned by the reality of silent evidence and underrepresentation. Doers are underrepresented amongst talkers and writers. The map is never the territory.

5- When disagreements arise in conversation, people tend to have preexisting ideas about the other parties involved. We tend to seek to confirm rather than to learn more about the other party- this is a natural human bias.

Unless we are totally, fully present in a conversation, we almost always rather get more comfortable than less. (What this suggests to me is that conversations should only be had when fully present, except maybe with very closed loved ones that you trust to be comfortably superficial with. Do not talk about important, complex or meaningful topics– anything where anybody has actual skin in the game– unless you're totally present.)

6- This is especially bad in online conversations when people are chatting on the side- on reddit, Facebook, Twitter, Hacker News, Quora, wherever. People are typically on these sites during "in-between" moments- while commuting to and from work, while waiting, while avoiding unpleasant and uncomfortable tasks.

We're typically tired, weary, anxious, troubled, frustrated and looking for shots of dopamine. We want the approval of our peers, because we're wired for it. Language is a form of social grooming. Getting validation from others is deeply satisfying, probably because it signals to us that we must be doing something right. We want to "win". This can be troublingly misleading.

7- As collective groups (larger subreddits, later Quora vs early Quora) we first reward things that are witty, funny, clever, snarky, smartass- because these things trigger the aha moments that trigger likes and up votes. Without incredibly strict rules and guidelines, the larger an online community gets, the more it upvotes the trivial, simple and popular. See: The Evaporative-Cooling Effect.

8- This isn't because the masses are stupid. It's because the masses are weary and tired. Appreciating complexity is tiring, hard work. Appreciating pop is simple and easy. Life is hard. Most people prefer the simple things most of the time in most cases, except in their area of expertise where they are discerning. There, navigating complexity becomes fun and joyous, not tedious and painful.

9- We are always aware of other people's oversimplicity in our own areas of specialisation. We are hyperaware of our own specialisations and less aware of everything else. Most people specialise in different things from us. Combine these two facts and you realize why most of the world seems mostly stupid most of the time.

That the world seems stupid is primarily a function of the limitation of the lens that we view it through. through some other lens that we probably don't possess, we ourselves are stupidest of all.

Perhaps people who are suicidal and self-loathing suffer (at least in part) from lenses that make them look terrible to themselves.

So what does all of this mean, what we the implications? How should this affect the way I live my life?

The main thing is to be aware of the intrinsic limitations of conversations. If the people you're talking to are invested in a certain position, or is committed a certain way, it is:

A- very tempting (and superficially gratifying) to try and persuade them to see things your way

b- difficult if not impossible to achieve- more often than not you'll both get frustrated and tunnel more deeply into your existing positions, while becoming socially more distant.

This is bad if you're interested in learning. You don't learn anything by confirming your own hypotheses. And it's socially unpleasant– nobody gets happier. Lines get drawn, sides get chosen, the whole thing becomes more tribal.

So what should you do? I think there are two approaches, depending on the opportunity cost (Ask– what else could you be doing with your time?) and your assessment of the value you can get from learning from the other persons. If you're not interested in learning from the other person, exit the conversation politely and completely. Ideally, don't get involved in the first place. Acknowledge ignorance.

Otherwise, put down whatever you're doing, give yourself and the other person the gift of your total presence, and seek to learn from them.

I suppose a middle path– only achievable when you've really ingrained the habit so you can do it unthinkingly– is to avoid taking a stance and only ask questions. When people ask you what you think about the economy or God or social issues, say that it's complicated and you don't know where you stand. Because honestly, picking a side in advance makes us all dumber. And it also means that people will be guarded and gated, and reveal less information.

So to round up– conversations are inherently limited and limiting, silent evidence is a huge problem. I refuse to take sides, because I don't know better and I'm only here to learn.

I feel like that's not a very stable position, and there are definitely going to be loads of things where I have a strong opinion, or where something seems clearly wrong. But instead of declaring "Wow, that guy is clearly stupid", it would be better for me to imply my position by asking him honest, innocent questions.

I don't know anything. I just have a few questions.
I'm feeling unwell right now and it's interesting for me to pay attention to my headspace. It's a kind of altered consciousness. Once again I experience a sort of deja vu- I remember writing once that illness is an opportunity to look at things from a different perspective. It forces you to prioritize things a lot more, things that seemed to matter before now become a lot more trivial. Like... you stop caring about superficial arguments. In a way, falling terribly sick is like experiencing micro-dying or micro-aging. Unfortunately it seems like the insights come and go with the territory. Writing is a hopeful attempt to preserve insights across domains. Might be a foolish idea, but hey. I gotta write SOMETHING.

In Zen in The Art Of Writing, Ray Bradbury wrote about how he got skittish if he didn't write every day. "You must stay drunk on writing," he wrote, "so that reality cannot destroy you." He also said, "...what would happen is that the world would catch up with and try to sicken you. If you did not write every day, the poisons would accumulate and you would begin to die, or act crazy, or both.”

I'm examining my own life now and I'm starting to wonder if it's true for me, too. It seems like I'm happier and more well-adjusted when I've been writing, and that I maybe get cranky and edgy when I haven't been writing. This very blog is a pretty good indicator of how much writing I've been doing, but I haven't really been measuring my own moods and emotions with such rigor. Perhaps I should, so I can see if there's any correlation. Would that make me write more?

That feels like too much thinking, and I'm a pathalogical thinker. There's a simpler way to tell if I'm happier when I write– to write! And I do know that I always enjoy having written, just as I always enjoy having run. There's something about covering the space untravelled in the mind, no different from climbing a mountain or going on a trek or getting on a plane and going somewhere new. Watching my fingers fly without even really having an inkling of where they're going– yet knowing it won't be ABSOLUTE gibberish. That there's a glimmer of something in there.

I'm thinking now about alienation and how I have never really felt truly comfortable, truly at ease anywhere for an extended period of time.

I've written about this a lot, but I think never with the right lens. When I was younger, I wrote about this as though it was something cool, something that made me special and unique. Or I wrote about it in a way to explain away my weaknesses and failings. There was always some sort of agenda.

Having written about it over and over again, I've grown tired of the agendas– and now I'm just curious to make sense of the phenomenon for what it is, if that's possible.

I never truly belonged in my family. My parents and siblings are lovely, and they spoiled me silly and treated me too well. But I'm the alien. We don't speak the same language. We don't exactly care about the same things. I vibrate at a different frequency from the rest of them, concern myself with different things. I'm the only one who'd probably be happy to go wandering off for days in a library– I'm not sure if anybody else would stay in it as long as I would.

I didn't truly belong in the GEP or in school. I didn't have the work ethic, the focus, the drive. I was a Disruptive Student who was supposed to Pay More Attention In Class, etc.

I liked my secondary school, I kinda liked the neighbourhood I grew up in- but I've never truly felt like I belonged anywhere. I didn't do my homework, I wasn't really a proper part of any typical CCA. I was a little too restless to be completely at home with the enlightened bums that I hung out with– smokers, critics, philsophers. Really smart people who didn't care for school. I liked the company for a while but I felt edgy. We'd talk a lot about eventually doing things, and I think eventually some of us went our separate ways and started doing things. Which is cool.

I never really had a core group of friends that I felt completely comfortable with. I was always a semi-outsider. To remedy this at some point I literally created my own group on Facebook- carefully curating Invites and discussions. A lot of those folks are now friends with each other, some dating, some travelling together, etc.

Facebook itself. Singapore music scene. Theater, arts. All of those were things that I felt strongly about at some point, but ultimately felt rather uncomfortable with. I'd fixate on whatever made me uncomfortable.

Too tall for the buses and trains. Too skinny to look good naked. Can't swim, wobbly on a bicycle. I don't actually speak very clearly– something I'd like to practice and get better at. I tend to speak in starts and spurts, like

I'm not exactly entirely comfortable out in the wilderness. I like beaches to some degree but I can't swim. Temples are somewhat calming but I start paying attention to how people get carried away with the rituals and the symbolism and it bothers me. I hate rush hour commutes, but I couldn't survive in a countryside. Clearly I have some goddamn work to do to make myself a little more comfortable in this world.

Internet child. I try to curate feeds but everything is dissatisfying in some way. Every subreddit has its clueless noobs, and while I like to support and encourage them I'm feeling kinda weary.

Quora was home for a while but ultimately it got overrun and it had a lot more drama than I was comfortable with.

I am an Indian man in a Chinese majority country, and I'm not particularly comfortable in Tamil or Malay. I don't like how some people take things too seriously and get all bombastic with their vocabulary. I don't want to rant on any particular subreddit because that's always performance- and in this postmodern overlapping of world

For a time I thought I was interested in philosophy, then complex systems. Self improvement, life hacking. But all of that got really tiring after a while.

I feel like I wanted to go somewhere with this but I lost steam so I'll end it here.

A– I paused to play Candy Crush for a while while writing this post- indulging in the very mindlessness that I used to make a big show of criticising. But hey, I was a smoker then. Are cigarettes worse than mindless video games? I don't know. I guess I'll uninstall CC now so I don't have to deal with that.

B– I also wrote a bit on Evernote on mobile before writing more at home. It's startling how much mental clarity I lose when I'm sick. I'm glad I don't fall sick as often as I used to.
Which is really narrow-minded, I guess. But it remains true that I feel pain and frustration, and it remains true that writing seems to alleviate that pain. I know that I want to become a better writer, and I know that practicing writing– whatever the hell it is I might be writing about– makes me a better writer.

Ergo, I need to revisit the simple idea that writing is therapy.

I think I make a mistake where I try too hard to plan my writing. I used to try to come up with grand ideas... these days I try to come up with plans and schedules, and in both cases I think I'm a little bit right, but also quite a bit wrong. (Right and wrong in the sense of– how should I approach this process? What is the best way to do it?)

Heh, feels like I'm not grammar-ing properlly. I'll let that slide. That was an early principle of these vomits– the grammar is less important than me getting out what I feel like I want to say. And Bradbury pointed out that there is truth in quickness– when you go fast, you don't have time to think so you say what is really there, even if you say it in a way that's less than perfect. You can edit later.

Right, the right way of doing it. Writing should be a joy. It should be something that I'm excited about. The words should fly off my fingers. If they're not flying, maybe I need to read a book, trigger some thoughts. Maybe I need to go for a run. But I have to stop pretending that I can store inspiration for later use. Inspiration, it seems, almost always needs to be acted on immediately or given up. And I try to hold on to it for far too long, and it wears me out. It's like running after a runaway horse, hoping to climb upon it and domesticate it. If the horse is already past you, there's no way in hell you're going to catch up on foot! You should wait for the next horse. And as far as we can tell, we're in a bloody stampede of sorts– there's never going to be a shortage of horses! I just get fixated on the horse ahead of me and I get so upset when it seems like I'm going to lose it.

So this is me giving myself permission to lose horses. Life is too short and fleeting for me to obsess about horses that get away. If I just focus on the fundamentals, pay attention to the nuances of a given moment, I should be able to capture whatever it is that is coming at me.

Which isn't to say that I'm going to discard all of my plans altogether. I still think it makes sense for me to work on old things and to find connections between things. What I should do instead I think is... I should have a ritual/routine where I get out my computer to write. I think I'll walk into my study and go and write there. I think I'll have a box which says "list of old ideas and thoughts about what to write", which I DONT NECESSARILY HAVE TO OPEN. I think that's the key. I think too often I feel like all my old ideas are a sort of obligation– just becuse I didn't do my homework as a kid, I have to now do justice to each and every single piece of idea I've ever had. Just to close the loop on all of those things. I think I should be more okay with literally burning things. Burn it all to hell. Start over. I have to have faith in that process.

What am I writing for, though? I've been feeling a tinge of nihilism lately– that there's no point to any of this, that we're all going to die, and the universe is itself going to die, and it wil be all for naught, bla bla bla. I started listening to some Alan Watts and reading some Eckhart Toille looking for some sort of inspiration of salvation. I know that the sort of existential despair is ultimately BORING, which is why I'm confident that I won't linger in it for too long. Life is a gift and an opportunity, even if it isn't necessarily part of some ultimate meaning or anything like that.

I suppose it's more interesting to think about why I think what I think, why I worry about what I worry. A lot of it seems to be some sort of defense mechanism. I'm reaching the end of 1000 words in this one pretty soon, and I'm going to do a thing where I try to wrap this up and then start my next thought in another vomit. Because it feels like that will do me good.

I don't think I'd ever have been able to do it entirely by myself. I did it with the support of motivational videos and speakers, inspiring, suceessful individuals. Even just off-hand knowing about the Muhammad Ali quote– "I hated every minute of training, but I said, "Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion"– helped me go ahead. Knowing that the frustration I was experiencing wasn't new– that others had powered through it, and that I was determined to cross the chasm myself. I wanted to be with the people who had crossed it, and I was tired of the baggage and excuses and frustrations that followed me around on the side that I was at.

Which isn't to say that I've miraculously turned my life around. Oh, god, no. I haven't even finished a goddamn 5km run. So I have no right to even write this– I'm only doing it because I want to capture this moment and it's part of a greater process for me.

If there's something people don't fucking tell you enough, it's that it's turning your life around is a goddamn fucking painful disgusting cheebye slog. Once people get to the end of it, they turn around and give you a photo finish smile, with the pretty soundbites. The struggle is typically condensed into a photo montage. If you imagine a movie, it should be... a 3 hour movie of a person practicing, failing, practicing, failing, practicing, failing for 2 hrs and 59 minutes, and then in the last minute, they succeed. I wonder if there's ever been a movie like that. Just show a person getting beaten down over and over again. (I'm reminded now of a quote I think in one of those pop economics books– where some kid in a gang had been shot, and he was crying and saying "I didn't think it would hurt so bad, getting shot." He had been sold a narrative. And so have we.)

Greatness isn't something for an elusive few, it's something for everybody, but IT'S GODDAMN HARD AND IT REQUIRES A GODDAMN UGLY PAINFUL SLOG THAT DOESNT FIT WITHIN THE FRAME OF THE AVERAGE PERSON'S ATTENTION SPAN. GREATNESS REQUIRES MORE THAN ANYBODY CAN REASONABLY ASK OF ANYBODY ELSE. It's everything that's not in the contract. Everything that's not in the agreement.

You can't hire someone and say "I'm paying you to go the extra mile and be goddamn amazing and live and breathe this and care about it when you're sleeping". That's stuff that you have to inspire in people, and you have to help them fix their life-situations so that they can focus on it and get it done. And again, that's fucking hard and I have mad respect for my boss and for bosses around the world who figure out how to do it.

It's way, way, way, way, way, way harder than anything I've ever imagined. And I suppose that's why it should be done. That's why it should be "fun" in the end.

I'm nowhere near great. Even in the context of this writing project– which is something that I'm undertaking for myself, something that's supposed to bring me pleasure, something that develops my skills at my own time, I am not great. I'm 24.4% through a single project that's a single stepping stone towards great.

And already I've faced setbacks and challenges and difficulties and I realize already that there's going to have to be some serious sacrifices here. (Now I'm thinking of Dave Trott talking about how one has to have a respect for the serious business of war. If you're playing with real stakes, you have to go all out. There's no sampling the peril. You fucking go all out.)

I think this is where I'm at, and I think I need to double down on this, triple down on this, even if everything else burns. I'm probably caught up in some sort of emotional storm right now, and I'm writing this just to say fuck it, I felt it and I wrote it down. This is an exception. The reality of the slog is that it is cold, that it will beat you to your knees and piss on your face. And you have to say, yes, bring it. I want more. Harder. More. Is that all you've got?

I'm coming back, and I'll be better and stronger because of this. This is a declaration. What do I stand for? I stand for interesting. I stand for different. I stand for presence. I stand for honesty. I stand for something that is NOT the goddamn script and we will keep going.
It feels like I should simplify my life. There is work, which matters a lot to me. I think we have a good shot at building something that's best in the world at what it does, and I would like to not fuck that up. I would like to be a contributing member to that team, and that requires me to do some levelling up. Which is painful and uncomfortable, but entirely necessary and very reasonable.

Parallel to that, I'd like to develop myself as a writer. Which requires me writing as much as goddamn possible, which I am doing a little bit of right now.

And beyond that, I'd like to improve my life-situation and that of my wife's, which involves some book-keeping, some planning, some commitments.

Those are it. Those are all the things. What else matters? My health, my exercise, my meditation– those are things that fit within these existing desires. Kick butt at work. Kick butt at writing. Be an awesome force of love for my loved ones. I have some old acquaintances and friends that I care about, but those people aren't priorities for me right now. I check in on them from time to time, schedule coffee and beers to catch up and reminisce and share world-views and stuff, but that's primarily so I feel better about myself as a social animal.

Ultimately everything is so I feel better about myself. There are some distinctions that need to be made, I realize. I used to take a very short/simple/cheap path towards feeling better about myself. That meant slacking off, playing video games (short term rushes), eating sweets, drinking, smoking, bumming around, playing cards. Those things feel good a lot quicker than say, writing or working out. They aren't as hard.

I told myself that it's all about feeling good– you work out to feel good, you smoke a cigarette to feel good. In both cases you're just fucking with your brain to feel good. I think that is still completely true and valid. I think what I hadn't considered is this–

the brain, especially all the parts that aren't the conscious mind, is way smarter than I realize. It is aware of distinctions in signalling. It can tell the difference between masturbation and sex. Yes, in both times there is some rubbing and there is some discharge, but really, the context matters so much. I think this I underestimated when I was younger. The difference between cheap signals and deep signals. Deep signals are highly persuasive. Cheap signals are superficial. Deep signals involve doing things that have real costs. I'm thinking now about Arnold's podcast with Tim Ferriss, where they talked about how he had the best smile and seemed most confident at the Mr Olympia. I'm thinking about how... if you want to get to that sort of confidence level, you can't just fake-it-till-you-make-it. You need some deep-rooted expertise that you truly, deeply believe that you can rely on.

And I guess all the smoking and drinking and Facebook status updating was all a distraction for me from the fact that I didn't actually think I could be relied on. The world told me I was unreliable. I knew I was unreliable. The journey from unreliable to reliable seemed to unrewarding, too messy, too ugly. The mark is indelible, once you fucked up you dun fucked up good, forever, for life.

This is untrue and I need to banish this thought from my head. With lots and lots of conditioning and positive reinforcement.

[1] "Should" here being what would be optimal, in some broader sense. Wouldn't it be awesome if everybody felt amazing when they helped others, and felt terrible when they were mean, and we didn't feel this sad tribal impulse to pick sides and then just refuse to listen to each other, hollering, name-calling, etc?

[2] I'm thinking now of something either by Watts or Toile, talking about how things only seem ugly and horrible when we view things from a limited human perspective– but if all of reality is merely the universe sort of pleasuring itself, exploring itself, playing and dancing, then it's just bumps and bruises and scrapes and stuff. Part of the fun. Ah... okay. Whatever really. Just an alternate perspective to consider. Doesn't change the fact that it sucks for the people who have to go through it while they're going through it. You wouldn't tell a cancer sufferer that it's just the universe scraping its knee, would you?

That said, it's not like we have a proper sense of priorities. It's not like this means we actually drop the stuff that's entertaining and funny and lame, and then redirect resources to cancer research. The fact is we're all irresponsible and lazy as fuck, as a species, and it's really quite marvellous that we've survived as long as we have so far. I'm guessing there's a small core group of people in the world who are really keeping everything together. I think I'd like to join that group, for the simple selfish reason that I'd feel less lonely and alienated.

I'm sure I've written about this a few vomits ago, but it's worth repeating– the problem for me was not realizing that if you really want to accomplish something, you're going to need that focus and discipline and responsibility and time-management. I was so intent on NOT doing whatever they were trying to force me to do, that I never got around to figuring out how to do what i wanted. I simply convinced myself that I wanted whatever it was that I ended up with, simply being away from whatever.

Not to trivialize other people's suffering, but it's kind of like... running away from your oppressive parents to end up with an abusive biker/druggie boyfriend (archetype/stereotype), and then convincing yourself that that's somehow better. Or maybe then you run away from him, and then you get into drugs, or something else. I don't know. But you can't run away from everything forever, because that's goddamn boring. It's anxiety-inducing, stressful, chronic, painful, ugh. It's a sort of impoverishment. The poor live from hand to mouth, not knowing where their next meal is coming from. They make decisions that seem suboptimal because they can't have any faith in the future.

You have to eventually figure out what you want and then run TOWARDS that. Cultivate that. Because if you're just leaving all the time, if you're just exiting, then you just get sensitive to everything that makes you unhappy and uncomfortable, and you're always in pain, always suffering. If you're working on something that you care about, if you're building a home that you believe in, then you can focus on what's working. Things that don't work are little annoyances, but you can tolerate them because it's just steps en route to something else that you want.

Anyway. What I really wanted to talk about here was– how painful it is to stick with the "I want to be reliable" thing. There are so many nagging subroutines in my head that kick in when I say that. "Even if you become reliable for a while, your friends from way back are going to remember what a fail you were. Ha!"

And I think, that's true. But why should it matter? If they still want to harp on old stuff, that's on them. And they probably wouldn't. I'm being unfair to them by projecting that on them. They're humans too, they suffer too, they'll change and grow over time too, and I'm sure they'll appreciate the effort I've put in. Or if they don't, they can kindly fuck off, lol.

Because I am committed to this and I have to weed out all the bullshit that stops me. I can't make a judgement call and say that I am right and others are wrong, in some absolute sense. Maybe I'm a complete fucking klutz of a clown, a danger and cost to myself and everyone around me, and people should just stay the fuck away.

But I don't think that is the case. I don't think that is ever the case with anybody else, so I'm not sure why I allow a part of myself to feel this way about me. It's strange to even acknowledge that this is a voice, because I try to drown it out in a lackadaisical "man, I don't give no fucks, man" vibe.

But that's not true. I care deeply about things. And to make a difference, I have to become reliable. And so I will do that. It will hurt, it will suck, I will fail, but I will get up and try again. I will disappoint some people. I will miss some KPIs. I might lose some things, fail some things. But I will try again. And in 20, 30 years, I will look back and think, "It's good to know that I could rely on me."

Oh, the social commentary thing. Yeah, it's my way of avoiding my own issues. It's always easy to bitch about the world, and sound kinda smart and accurate when talking about it– but hey, what can I do? What is the change that I can effect? I need to focus on my circle of influence, not my circle of concern. Ain't no point talking about shit I can't affect.

What did I take away from that read? I think a more refined appreciation for the importance and value of small groups of people. I remember thinking– if I started a new group from scratch, I would make it really important/critical to have regular meetings from the very beginning.

It occurs to me that I don't have very good rituals. I used to say things like "in the absence of good routines I fall into bad ones", which resonated with some other folks. What's the difference between a habit and a ritual? I think rituals are more purposeful, mindful, and they can involve other people. I suppose rituals are subsets of habits, maybe. Pah, semantics.

I've surely written before about how I thought the 1-1s that my boss does with all his employees was an awesome idea. Seemingly silly or pointless at first, but clearly of great value and importance over time. I wish I had done it myself with friends and loved ones.

I think there's something in that idea that can be expanded and developed on. I think we should have 1-1 rituals with all the important people in our life, at some sort of rhythm– not necessarily every week or every month, but not entirely up to chance, either. I think it's cool to meet some people just once a year, because there are insights and perspectives you get from people you don't meet more often than that. Your last interaction was when the world was noticably different, when both of you were noticeably different.

In the absence of these semi-regular interactions I think I have a habit of falling into drudgery. I'm thinking now about how Steve Wozniak had that computing club that he wanted to impress. Who do I want to impress? A crowd of internet strangers doesn't count, that's not very fulfilling. Even a community of internet strangers, I don't know... something about it is not good enough. I've tried to find home on the internet, and I think I AM a child of the internet, but I also need a home in meatspace somehow. I have my own home, I have a wife I love– and even in our marriage I think there is a lot of room for us to continue to get to know each other better, to challenge and inspire each other more. What's missing? Planning.

So what? I don't know. I'm experiencing some sort of strange cognitive downtime now where I feel like watching movies and reading books entirely unrelated to work, even though I know that work is important. Maybe that will change after I have a meal. I'd like to finish this before I go, though. And I've been writing several vomits now about how I'd like to become this responsible, reliable person. Is that true, or is that something I just invented to feel good about myself? Both, probably. The invention must become reality in order to have lasting utility. I am aware of this. I am procrastinating on it. The reasons why– are the reasons important? I'm tired, I feel like I lack executive functioning– which is a known problem! Dr. Barker talked about this. There's a limited well from which I can draw, and I need to make sure that I replenish that well. I'm sick right now, so I'm guessing it's depleted by default. Should I try to resist it, or just go into it?

My challenge right now isn't to be super amazing– I know that's not possible. I know that won't happen. My challenge is to avoid collapse, to recover well. It's like one of those odd missions in a video game where your hero is horribly incapacitated, and you have to struggle just to move around, just to see what's going on. And in a sense those missions exist to make you realize and feel how powerful your normal power is. I feel like that now in many ways– and that is the condition of existence, isn't it? Flowers for Algernon, death, blah blah.

So... I suppose I should focus on the really little things. I have a meeting tomorrow I need to prepare for, I have a bunch of emails to send out. But all I want to do right now is re-watch Lord of War, which is playing on YouTube in the other half of my screen. What should I do with my day? I suppose now I have some clarity.

Ahhh. I should eat. I have about 100+ words to go. This is going to be one of those... interesting-to-look-back-on vomits when my mind is clearer. I wonder what I'd think about it.

I need to focus. I need to refuel. I need quiet rest. These things should happen. There is no deeper, harder, complex reason that I need to discover to fix this. That's a distraction. I just need to stare at the things that matter, and figure out what's in the way– and then get that out of the way. C'mon, it's simple. I'm so sick though. Lol. This is so unnecessarily recursive. I need to know how to get up and walk away. Which I will do right after this vomit ends, which is not too far away.

Wonder how many vomits, at the end of it, will be like this one– forced, empty, dry– and how many will be rich for mining. We'll see.
Slow walks. As I got out of the train today after a week of sickness, a day of work and a conversation with an old friend, I thought, "I don't want to take the bus. I want to walk." And as I walked for a bit, I found myself thinking, "I walk too fast. I'd like to walk slowly."

I remember observing old men struggle to walk, with or without aids– walking sticks, walkers, canes– and thinking, wow, it must be horrible to struggle at that terribly slow pace. They put in so much effort to move so little, and it must be agonizing for them to get anywhere.

And perhaps that's true. It must be terrible if you can't do what you want to do. To get by, you're going to have to rationalize tht you don't want to do it, or you're willing to accept what you can and cannot do, and focus on what you can– very enlightened, mature perspective.

What about for us young ones, especially the able-bodied? It's the same fundamental problem, only it seems like there's so much we CAN do...

I feel like I'm moving away from the point I want to make. Let me let go and start over. I felt like taking a slow walk, and so I did. And it was really interesting. This is just one experience, so I shouldn't generalize, but I'll just describe it anyway.

It seemed to me that when I slow my pace down significantly, my entire perspective changed. Suddenly, the walk isn't about going somewhere any more. It's not about getting home as soon as possible. It's about being present in each step, in each moment. I'm reminded of a quote from Alan Watts– when you listen to an orchestra, it's not like they're trying to get to a specific point on the score, or to the end. When you see somebody dancing, you don't ask them if there's a point on the stage that they want to get to.

So it's interesting how in our day to day lives, we tend to forget that all of it is really a dance, all of it is music. Every moment of every day. We set aside moments– vacations, retreats, but really... all of life is the meditation.

Ugh, I'm really not liking how I'm sounding in this vomit, and possibly in the last few vomits. It feels unnecessarily preachy and wannabe-spiritual or wannabe-something. I'd like to discard that please. Can I start over?

I just feel like I've spent a lot of time running after the next moment. Going from one moment to the next moment. Using each moment to propel myself into the next moment. And I end up wondering, when will it all be okay? When will it be less stressful, when will it pleasant? And I remember– thanks to Kabat-Zinn and Guruka and all the others– that it never will be. There is only this moment. Everything is a meditation. This writing is a meditation.

I wonder what's the distinction between walking slowly to enjoy each moment, and writing as fast as possible so that you don't deliberate too much on each point.

I'm just going to list observations, maybe. I notice that when I was walking slowly, it felt somewhat unfamiliar and uncomfortable– not just psychologically, not just in the sense that it's a different pace to be moving at. But even physically, at the most basic, tactile sense. It feels like I'm using different muscles when walking slowly. And it feels like I've never really used those muscles before, so I rock around slightly awkwardly. I instinctively feel like there must be some sort of deeper meaning in that, like.,.. something about how I must be neglecting some "stablizer" muscles or something that I've never really used.

But I like the idea of being slow. I like the idea of getting good at being slow, like getting good at breathing in a deep, resonant way. Getting good at big movements rather than small, cramped, difficult ones. I don't really know how to describe all of this very well, which is humbling because I've gotten better at describing some things but not very much better at describing others.

I should just finish this vomit and go to bed and get some clarity of mind. My mind has not been clear for a week, primarily due to illness.

When I was getting tired and frustrated with work a few months ago, I realized that I needed to meditate. I needed to listen to saner voices and I needed to carve out times to decompress, to destress, to loosen up, and I realize that I still have been 'compressed'. I don't go for massages and floats as much as I'd like, and if I could I'd do it almost every week... but even then, those things are just temporary solutions. They can trigger certain ideas and perspective, but the real challenge is to change the default setting. To unlearn the behaviors that I've inherited,

This whole vomit is probably a little premature. I think I really just intended it to be a bit of rumination on the slow walk I took earlier, and how I think I'd like to take more slow walks. I'd like to be able to walk like a dancer dances– not necessarily seeking to go somewhere. Seeking just to appreciate the moment, appreciate the process. That can sound cheesy, I know, but where are we rushing to, anyway? The idea of getting more and more efficient and moving from point to point doesn't really make sense as an end in itself, unless you're very clear about where you're going and why you're going where you're going, and how that's supposed to serve you, your joy.

Ugghhhh I really don't like the way I'm writing this! But I want to write about it anyway, as a reminder to myself that I took a slow walk and I really appreciate it. Maybe it wasn't the most refined appreciation, but I think it's something I'd like to try more, to do more often. At the very least... if I don't have a good reason to walk fast, if I'm not in any particular rush, then why rush? Breathe.

Alas, things rarely happen perfectly. Better to get things done imperfectly than to have them done perfectly.

When I started these vomits, I was dating my girlfriend– now we're married. I was living with my parents– now I have a home of my own. I was unemployed– now I've spent 2 years at a startup that I really enjoy, and am eager to contribute more. Lots has changed. I haven't yet re-read and reviewed vomits 100 to 200, so my thoughts about my own writing are amusingly under-informed. I suppose it will be interesting to read THIS post again once I've reviewed the ones that preceded it.

One of the cool things about writing at this sort of volume is that you start to forget what you've written already. It becomes a lot easier to look at your own writing with an incredibly detached eye. All artists know that a crucial part of your work involves "killing your babies"– slaughtering mercilessly the very things that you bring into the world. This is never entirely easy to do, but it becomes a lot easier when you have SO many that you can't recognize them.

So... what have I learnt? What has this been like for me?

I think I've definitely become a better writer, and I've also become more conscious of when I'm writing badly. (Not too interested in defining those terms right-here-right-now, maybe in another vomit. It's all about effective transmission of worthy + desired signal).

I think it's really nice to have this process to "come home to", to commit to something "larger". I don't want to say "greater than myself" because that's cheesy. I have a job– that's greater than me. I have a wife and cats, that's greater than me. But it's not quite the same as embarking on a project that has a finite end, yet is remarkably substantial. I've never done anything quite like that before. And now I'm about to be 25% done with it. It feels like a long way in and also a long way to go. I'll just go head down and keep doing it.

I'm conscious of how I over-write things. I repeat myself, I make the same point over and over again (meta– just did it again). I wonder if I'll be able to shake it off within my vomits at the end of my vomits. Right now I've gotten better at eliminating it from my work writing– which has also benefited from these vomits. I wonder if eventually my stream-of-consciousness itself will become succinct. That's a rather heady, exciting prospect. We'll see. One word at a time.

I think it's important to move fast. I think interrupting vomits is a bad idea ( but I still tend to do it anyway.)

I think it's important to be willing and able to discard imperfect writing quickly and easily. Sometimes I just lose steam halfway, and for me I can start many many times. I can have many, many drafts lying around, lots of them done halfway, and then it can turn into this whole side/sub-project where I just go through all of my versions over and over again. The right thing to do is to discard them and start from scratch. Very rarely if ever is there going to be a sentence or a paragraph that's so amazing that losing it an outright tragedy. Maybe it's POSSIBLE, but I think it's far more valuable to work on keeping the engine running. The team is more important than the player, and the writing process is more important than any specific single piece of writing.

I think it's important to write fast, I'm just revisiting that from reading Ray Bradbury's Zen In The Art Of Writing. (Which reminds me, I've been wanting to read the "Read Like A Writer" book for some time. I really ought to get it.) There IS something to the idea that there is truth in speed. When you move fast you chase after the next most relevant thought, like jumping from car to car in a highway chase. Sometimes I end up with stuff that isn't necessarily accurate, valuable, useful, blah blah. But when I move fast, it's definitely got more feel, more soul. I can write fast and edit slow, but I can't write slow to end up with something worth editing. Writing slow makes things overly measured and artificial.

What else–

I guess I'm starting to run into "scaling issues" that I hadn't experienced earlier, but was kind of semi-anticipating and semi-hoping to encounter. What I mean is– as this project becomes larger, it becomes harder for me to navigate. On hindsight, I should've made sure that every vomit was well tagged and summarized for easy search + reference afterwards. Since I didn't do that, I now have to do it on re-read. Which might not necessarily be a bad thing. I don't want to be too prescriptive about how I do these vomits, I just sort of go with what feels right, adjust things along the way and see how I feel.

I first started these vomits on my main visakanv.com/blog, which is now altogether inactive. The vomits were starting to overwhelm the regular posts and I wasn't even all that interested in writing regular posts anymore, except in special circumstances (like if there's some current affairs stuff that I feel very strongly about).

Then I moved the vomits to their own URL at visakanv.com/1000, after my wife suggested the idea. I wonder what's next. I started out writing about all my interests, and I've started to notice that I care about some things more than others. I'm less interested in social commentary and big picture stuff, and I'm more interested now in figuring out how my own mind works, and how to manage my own psychology– how to figure out my own personal issues and limiting beliefs, and how I ought to level up by managing them effectively.

Personally, actually I find "personal issues and limiting beliefs" to be a little boring– but it feels like I need to "solve" them before I can move forward. So that's the focus for my next 100 vomits or so, I'm guessing. We'll see. It's exciting.

I've always been somewhat curious and yet somewhat skeptical of meditation, buddhism, buddha, swamis, holy men, temples, churches, monasteries, etc. When I was a kid, I thought temples and churches and stuff were really boring. I never understood why anybody would want to go into the mountain and sit there doing nothing. I read Robin Sharma's The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari while I was in NS, and somebody had left the book lying around, and I enjoyed it.

I think over time life starts to wear you down– especially when you have responsibilities and obligations, social status games to play and keep up with, all the mssiness and chaos. I can appreciate now how a church has a really calming effect– just the architecture of it. So do beaches, so do waterfronts, and now the idea of going for a hike in a nature reserve strikes me as something that might be actually nice to do. (10 years ago, I'd have much prefered to play video games– and I think that's completely rational. You do what makes sense to you at the time, given who you are in that given instance.)

So I'm trying to write about this journey I've had, though it's not really very much of a journey, it's not very deliberate, I haven't really gotten anywhere, I don't really know anything. What I do know is that over time I've gotten stressed, frazzled, frustrated, overwhelmed, and I don't like it. I've never really wanted to buy into the whole power-and-status thing completely- I read about it and I try it on as a lens to view the world with, but I also try to take those lens off because they can have a limiting, corrupting effect. As all lenses do.

What's happening I think is this– in the few moments that I do set aside time to meditate [1]– the end result is almost always a good thing. Almost always pleasant. It's never been bad. At worst, I feel a little more restful, which is still good. At best, I feel a light calmness and I find it much easier to get along with my day. It's like tuning your guitar before you start playing- it's tuning your mind. I don't think I've experienced the sort of exalted, satori moments that some people talk about having– there's no deep enlightenment for me yet, and maybe never.

There are some parallels for me between meditation and running. I suck at running. I wheeze and cough and my legs and lungs hurt very quickly. I have bad form. But I kept at it because I know what the literature and the science said, and I was kinda desperate to feel better about myself and my life and my life-situation, so I went out there and pounded pavement– and it felt good after a while. And I now see it as a tool that I have access to for improving my state. Same for meditation. Same for writing, which I'm better at than the other two– and I definitely know what it's like to have a really, really good writing session that I can lose myself into.

Again, I'm not sure if I've ever done the self-transcendent thing that some people claim to have been able to do– even with writing, sometimes everything just flows beautifully and perfectly– usually because I already knew exactly what I wanted to say and how I wanted to say it. I suppose there must be parallels in running and meditation.

This is really a longwinded way of me saying I think meditation is a good thing, I like it and I think I'm going to do it more. I didn't do it when I was younger because it seemed like a waste of time– why are you just sitting there, why not do something instead? But I realize now that the alternative isn't much better. Without a sense of calm, focus, without clarity of mind and deepness of breath and good posture (because most of the time I'm of muddled mind, slight shortness of breath, and bad posture), then whatever I do is usually awkward, compressed, half-hearted, sloppy, etc. I end up playing Candy Crush or getting into Facebook arguments, etc. I'm chasing cheap hits.

So don't just do something, sit there! I'm way too early in this to know what is up, but I'm just writing this to affirm to myself that it's something I want to do more of.

[1] by which I mean simply sitting still, staring out of the window, focusing on my own breath and usually contemplating about the briefness of existence and the temporariness of all things, and how everything is connected.
It's a very generalizable problem, I think. How much aggression do you add so that it's sexy but not a turnoff? How long do you grill the opponent till you win, and how do you stop before you come across as desperate, needy, cruel? How much do you turn up the heat when you cook? How much special effects do you use in your scifi film so it serves the plot and immersion, and how do you keep it from getting outright cheesy (to the point of being unpleasant)? You get the idea. How should you spend your money?

I think it's very interesting that I'm now in a place with resources and options. I'm still used to operating in a purely theoretical world, as a teenager with no money or resources, trapped first in school and then in the military. And now I suppose to some degree I'm trapped by the circumstances and mindsets I've inherited. I'm free to choose how I want to earn my wages, but I'm limited by the fact that I still need wages- to sustain the life-situation that I've unquestioningly accepted as my present fate.

I suppose I should remind myself that I don't have to be trapped in my present box forever, and yet that there will always be some greater boundary that I'm not currently aware of. Surely even millionaires are surely trapped by the feeling that they ought to be billionaires.

So there are at least two classes of limitations- literal physical limitations, like a handicap (and there's a whole spectrum there- from being really incapacitated, like being in a coma, to less chronic things) and limiting beliefs, which are simply ideas about what you can or cannot do– which may not necessarily correspond to reality.

For example, an elephant floating in deep space can't really do very much about anything. It's kinda fucked. On the other hand, if a baby elephant was tied to a little tree, and found that it couldn't walk away from it, and then grew into a large elephant but remained tied to the tiny tree, it's being kept there by its oversimplistic assumption– "I can't get away from this tree."

I'm taking a lot of words to describe something fundamentally quite simple (I'm going to be doing this a lot over the next 740+ vomits...). I am limited, in life. I have resource limitations and contextual limitations, but these limitations are usually far less significant than I realize. The "worst" limitations are psychological, conceptual– they're "bad" not because they necessarily cause bad outcomes, but because they're so "unnecessary". (I realize we could get into a side-debate about what "necessary" means, and how nothing is truly necessary or unnecessary... but that's the sort of parlor game you get into when you're playing without stakes. If you're playing with real stakes– making decisions about your health, your relationships, your work, etc... damage that is done thanks to external circumstances beyond your control is something you simply have to learn to live with, accommodate. Damage caused by your own action or inaction, because of your misconception of reality... that's kinda painful. Or rather... it's wasteful. Ugh, I don't want to put a value judgement to it– the point is, those are things that you can change, things that you can do something about. And you should always be focused on the things that you can do something about.

To get a level higher, "external circumstances beyond your control" is itself a variable thing– ad you become more powerful, as you gain more control over your own body, as you gain more control over your actions, you gain more control over your immediate circumstances. Put simply– if you sleep well and eat well, you have more executive function and you make better decisions. You might have some surplus room to make some decision that influences you positively in the long run, beyond your immediate pleasure for the day.

That's what it's all about. It's like saving your excess money so that you can use it to invest in compound interest– eventually your investments make more money than your wages, and you can quit your day job and do whatever you like.

Similarly,  "I can't control the world around me" is I think a sort limiting belief. It might be TRUE, but it's also true in a sense because of decisions that were made or not made earlier. If I had exercised regularly prior to some point, I would be able to react to some situation that requires physical strength, for example. Preparation makes all the difference. The problem is... it's hard to look far ahead. It requires faith, it requires belief. Sure.

I suppose this is my long-winded way of saying I believe it. I believe it's possible. I write these vomits partially because they give me a bit of pleasure in the writing– and I should remind myself of that– but there's also a long-term benefit here, a compounding of these woodshedded savings.
There's a funny intellectual question that gets raised- when I finally get around to solving my problems, does it happen because I exhausted all the alternatives? Does it happen because all my preparatory attempts, well, prepared me to get shit done? Or does it just happen from raw number-of-attempts? I do not know, because I'd I already knew then I would know more clearly what I should be doing.

When it all boils down to it, what makes a person take action? Why does someone finally quit, finally take the leap, finally publish, ship? How much awareness do they actually need? How much support, reassurance, belief? I still feel deep down that something is being hidden from me about the secret of driven, motivated human beings. And I've done the reading. I've watched the videos and pep talks- repeatedly! I take notes. I've tried to follow the steps, often stumbling and failing. I suppose I should just keep trying. It's just so agonisingly slow. Behavioral change. I suppose I should write down why I'm doing what I'm doing. Why I care. Why things matter to me. I haven't modified my environment as much as I can- that is, to remind me of what I want.

But why all these reminders? If you need that much reminding, is it really something you should be doing? Frankly I have no fucking idea and I'm tired of pretending. I'm tired of trying to hold everything inside my head. I'm giving up on a lot of things and putting my faith in this practice. I believe that if I just keep writing, even if I sometimes get stuck in certain loops or patterns, at the end of it I will have learned something. I would have changed somehow, and I would have developed a habit that serves me well.

I've had this recurring thought lately that I've been writing myself into a very neurotic state, thinking myself into a very neurotic state– by neurotic I mean a sort of anxious, sketchy state. I keep getting stuck in these little patterns or loops where everything feels very pointless and redundant. And then I get very doubtful of my ability to do anything, understand anything. What progress have I made, if it seems that I'm just questioning more things than ever, uncertain of more things than ever? I'm still missing appointments and deadlines.

But as I write this I realize that this must be the transition from unconscious incompetence to conscious incompetence– I'm developing a better understanding of what I THOUGHT I understood, but actually do not understand. This is painful to confront, but it's ultimately liberating. I can start over from first principles and ask myself "What do I know for sure?", and I know where not to go. I know what doesn't work. The quote that comes to mind is– I haven't failed, I've discovered a whole bunch of ways that don't work. It's important. It's painful but I have to have faith that it's progress.

I HAVE to? Not necessarily. I don't have to do anything. But I do know that sort of giving up and being lackadaisical about it is unfulfilling. I'm feeling a bit of guilt for having to take so many words to get to this point, but FUCK IT I have committed myself to this process and I will see it to the end. If nothing else, I'll develop a more nuanced appreciation for words, sentences, phrasing. I ought to remind myself of that– (yes, more reminders– because I forget things, and I overthink, and this might be suboptimal but gosh-darn-it I'm doing it anyway). Remind myself that these vomits don't have to accomplish anything, they don't have to take me anywhere, win me any accolades, impress anybody. No. These vomits exist for their own sake. I'm writing them because I am a person who enjoys writing, and I believe that the more I write, the happier I'll be. The better I'll be. The more in control I'll be. The more I'll grow and learn. And this process might be painful and messy and I'm going to repeat myself. I might be writing the same vomit 700 times in a row. Maybe that is what's necessary. So Be It. I'll do it.
Old friends

I met an old friend for dinner and drinks a couple of days ago and I really liked it. It was pleasant. On hindsight I wish I had talked less and asked more, listened more. I wish I had been calmer, less eager to explain myself, more eager to learn and understand. But I also recognize that I've made some progress from who I was a few years ago– back then I would just talk at people. I'm oversimplifying on both counts, it's not like I ONLY talked at people, but the proportions have changed. So that's good. I just need more of that.

It makes me realize that I need people in my life. That's what solitude has taught me, I think. [1] At the same time, it felt like solitude was necessary. I wouldn't have known who I was or who I cared about or what I liked or disliked if I hadn't walked away. It's like leaving your hometown so that you can return and see it with fresh eyes. You need to climb the mountain to see the the valley, and you need to be in the valley to see the mountain, so on and so forth. Solitude might not be my main mode of existence, and I'm pretty sure I won't end up in a secluded monastery in the mountains, but I can see the value of spending SOME time there to give you more context about your own life, your own decisions, perspectives, yadda yadda.

What about other old friends? After unfriending everybody on Facebook, I lost touch with quite a lot of people that I used to hang out with regularly, talk to regularly, argue with regularly. I left all my Whatsapp and Telegram groups, I unfollowed everyone on Twitter and Tumblr. I realized I used to use the drama and details of other peoples' lives to distract me from my own. I heard from another friend that she had done something similar– that in the constant documentation of life she had kinda forgotten to actually live.

These are rather cliche scripts. I'm living a cliche script and thinking I'm original. Well– why crave originality, anyway? I guess the only thing to crave is interesting-ness. We're back in everything-is-a-remix territory. The goal is to make interesting remixes, to enjoy things. But we can also enjoy cliches, enjoy things for what they are.

Do I miss my old friends? I think in some sense yes and some sense no. I miss the past in a nostalgic sense, but in many ways I don't want to go back there. I deeply appreciate everything I shared with everybody who shared any moment with me, and a part of me does want to reach out to everybody to tell them about that appreciation. But I also recognize that if I enter the same old pattern, if I reach out to them with "hey, I'm back and I missed ya'll and I have nothing to show for myself", then I wouldn't be serving them in the way I want to serve them. (How do I want to serve them? I have these delusions of enlightenment and grandeur, where I accomplish great things and be very fulfilled and then inspire them with my mere presence. Why do I have these delusions? Again, they are distractions from me living in the now, from addressing my own person issues.)

Seriously, what are these goddamn issues that I keep talking about? Jeez, I'm getting sick of my script here and I'd really like to ditch it. But it feels like I can't ditch it until I get some things done. I have recurring dreams that are really uncomfortable– almost nightmarish, but not so garish– more mundane. Like... I'll dream that I'm back in junior college, and I'm flunking all my exams and failing everything. I'm living in the past, I'm trying to take revenge on everything that hurt me. That's no way to live. And I'll never be able to fully exact revenge. I keep trying to fix things that were broken in the past. I really need to forgive myself, forgive all my teachers and peers, forgive and accept my circumstances. I didn't do well. I didn't keep. That was then, it was what it was, and this is now. And I have a universe of growth ahead of me. I have new skills to learn, new people to meet, new things to see, new things to do. And I keep trying to tie all of it together. And I'm sure I will, in some way, and I'm also sure that I NEVER will, in another way. So there's a sort of middle path that needs to be tread. I feel like I'm definitely away-from-middle.

So that's it, then. It's just about reaching the middle way. Simple as that. Recognizing when I'm falling into old routines, and refocusing on the now. It feels a bit like cheating– how do I know I won't fall into like, short-sighted procrastination? Isn't that what got me in trouble in the first place?

I think there's a distinction there, and I know that I know what that distinction is. There's a denial and there's an embracing. And I've always been doing the denial thing.

I need strength and courage to face up to things that I avoid. Cooking was one of them. There are other things. I will face up to them all. And it will be joyous.

[1] I haven't been ENTIRELY solitary, but I've been a good deal more solitary than I was before. And when I'm alone with my own thoughts... who am I? What do I care about when I don't have anybody to impress, when I don't need to explain myself, when I don't need to play status games? I find that I care less and less about big picture things, about global issues (although I watched the India's Daughter documentary and seethed with rage), and more about figuring out how to expand my circle of influence. I want to be able to actually do things to improve my lot in life, and to help other people directly. But even that is thinking too far ahead. Right now the only person I should be focused on helping is me. The only thing I should be concerned about is improving my own power of influence, so that I can control my own life-situation. That can sound or seem selfish, but I mean that in a way that incorporates others into the conception of the self. I'm sure I've written about that elsewhere before so there's no need to go into details explaining that right now.

Okay. So if the only thing that matters is becoming a better person, learning and growing as an individual, helping myself, winning over my subconscious... what are my next steps?

Overthinking. Confront the now. Embrace it.

But the thing is... I do know intellectually that I actually have failed at a lot of things. I failed to do super-well for my PSLE. I failed to make it to Raffles Institution. I failed to keep my spot in the GEP. I failed to qualify for VJC or SAJC, where I wanted to go for some reason. I failed to pass my first year in JC, and had to repeat. I failed to do well for my A levels. I failed to get into University. I failed at my re-attempt at doing my A's. My first live music show was an embarrassing train wreck, and we had many more trainwrecks together. We failed to win any competition we competed in. We were asked to stop playing at one particular gig, because we were so bad. I've failed to make the cut for many, many different things. I failed at getting into the student council executive committee. I failed to be there for some of my friends when they needed me. I failed to finish my band's EP. I failed. I failed to do my IPPT, twice in a row.

I failed. I failed. I failed.

And yet I'm still here. I'm still alive. Despite everything. I still have chances. I still get job offers (probably because they don't know what a fail I am, I convince myself. I've gotten good at pretending to be good on the outside, I'm a total imposter.)

So why am I so worried about failure? I've already been laughed at. I've already been rejected. There will always be rejections. There will always be failure. I'm going to continue to fail and get laughed at, over and over again. I will lose the respect of the people who matter to me. So what? Suppose I destroy all my personal relationships, then what? Suppose I embarrass my family and loved ones and none of them ever want to have anything to do with me ever again. Again, so fucking what?

Fear of failure is so irrational. It's imagined. "I've experienced a great many tragedies in my life, some of which actually happened." I'm tired of that shit. I've survived most of these failures. I'm still here. Things can get messy, awkward, ugly, but fuck it, I'm still here. I'm still breathing. I'm still healthy, awake. I can still turn things around. In fact, "turn things around" is a misnomer. There is nothing to turn around. The failures are in the past– every day is a new day, every moment is a new moment.

As Fake Grimlock put it, stop trying to be smart! Stupid wins smart, because smart tries not to be stupid but stupid doesn't give a shit because it's already stupid. So goddamnit, stop trying to be smart. Stop trying to win. Just go out there and fail, and fail and fail over and over again at great velocity. That's what these vomits are supposed to teach me. Hardly any of these vomits matter to anybody– most of them are worthless– and yet a couple of them took off. One got to the front page of Hacker News. One got widely shared on medium. One just mysteriously took off by itself. And while those things were nice, I return to this center where I'm writing because I goddamn want to be a writer. I goddamn want to write and so I write even if it fails. I'm training myself here to be indifferent to rejection.

So this here again is hopefully a shining example for needs to happen in my life. I need to write these vomits every single day. At least one vomit a day, and it doesn't matter if it's not deep or profound. I don't care. I don't need to hit home runs. I just need to hit the ball over and over again. Some of them will be home runs and I won't know in advance which they will be. I've read all the advice I ever need to read– I just need to write these things down so I internalize them. And I will, through repetition. I will repeat myself over and over and over if I have to. But I will prevail, or die trying, and it will be a good life for having tried.

According to my sleep tracker that I just started using– it's not entirely accurate I'm sure– I was in bed for just of 10 hours again last night. I'm progressively falling asleep earlier and earlier, which is a good thing, but my waking times don't seem to be changing very much. It's humbling to realize how little I know about sleep. I didn't go for a run yesterday, which I said I would. I was thinking that I'd just sleep early and wake up early and do it in the morning– but as it turns out, I didn't wake up. But I'll persist. I'm sure I'm not going to be spending 10 hours in bed for weeks on end– this must be some sort of recovery phase. I'll continue tracking the data and continue seeing what I can do about it... I want to keep going to bed earlier, eventually falling asleep before 11pm– and then I want to regularly wake up at 6am in the morning or earlier, go for my run, do my word vomits, do some reading, and so on.

One of the best things we do at work is our daily marketing sitdown. Every evening we meet for a few minutes to tell each other what we accomplished that day, what we need help with, and what we plan to do the next day. Before we did this, we'd only meet up once a week for a more formal meeting, and we'd very often find that we were behind or slipping on things that we said we wanted to do– usually because there was some additional complexity that we had not prepared for. We'd try to talk about what we ought to do to stop it from happening, but the idea of rewards and punishments always seeemed a bit extreme, a bit silly, and I think we were all self-aware of that as we were talking about it. It didn't seem to fit the situation.

And then we started doing daily sitdowns, and things started changing pretty quickly. It became the highlight of my workday– something to look forward to, to share micro-achievements with the rest of the team each day. Initially we'd tell each other what we were stuck with, and we'd help each other get unstuck. After a while, we'd notice that the frequency of "I'm stuck with this" was going down– I think because we'd preemptively ask ourselves the question we'd ask each other, and get ourselves unstuck in our heads hours before the meeting. We'd also seem to be less overwhelmed in general– again, I think because we pick better tasks to do– by "better" I mean things that are likelier to get done, things that are likelier to have a clear impact on our overal efforts. Prior to daily sitdowns, I would sometimes get carried away shaving yaks. There's a lot less room for yak-shaving when you talk about what you did each day. You're more obliged to do something actually-valuable at each step.

I feel like I should be learning from that. I try to overthink things and come up with complicated or profound solutions to things, but it's clear that I just need some sort of daily acountability system, just as I do with work. I need to do it with myself. Why have I been putting it off? Perfectionism, I think. I remember setting aside a bunch of to-do boxes for daily reviews but I never got around to doing it. Why? What's stopping me? I want each piece of paper to look really nice and full of insight. Blah blah blah. Just as I do 1,000 vomits, maybe I should do 1,000 daily sitdowns with self. Because I think it's becoming very clear to me that the only difference (as far as I can tell...) between me doing well and me doing not so well is just... regularity.

Well, maybe not but that's the theory I want to test. I want to test the idea that if I do something every single day I will be changed by it somehow. I've started many different times, but it always stops. Why? I don't know... maybe I need to tie it to something other than myself. So with work, it works when I tie it to my colleagues, who are willing to help. I suppose I should ask my wife to help me with this one, and we should make it a part of some routine that we already have. I suppose we should make sure we do it before we go to bed.

I don't want to get too grand in proclaiming about all the amazing things that will happen and yadda yadda. That's kind of a recipe for disaster, because when I commit to big complex things, I then come up with big complex excuses for why they don't pan out. Instead I should work on something really small. I already know this, I'm ust repeating myself. It should start with tonight. I wonder how many times people typically fail at this sort of pursuit before they succeed. I'm saying that I'm willing to try over and over and over again, but is that as valuable as I think it is? Should I be willing to give up at some point?

I think not. I think if I fail repeatedly, it might mean that there's something that I'm missing, and I'll have to attack it from a different angle. But a daily review is a very simple thing to conceive. The habit formation bit maybe is not so clear. Maybe I should do it the moment I get home, before I start anything else. Maybe I should tie it to my vomit. Yup, I should, because I'm trying to do vomits every day, too. It's something to think about. But really, I just need to do it.

Should I do one for yesterday? Erhmm. Yesterday I did keep track of my day in Google Calendar. I should just persist with that, keep tracking so that I have something to refer to when summarizing the day.

Okay cool.
And I kinda liked it this morning, I think it was really pleasant to make progress on the book I'm reading. [1]

Again, I tend to write things when I have just one data point [2], so I need to take this with some skepticism– but it feels like reading on commutes is more pleasurable than either scrolling through social media or attempting to write vomits. Why? My vomits on my commutes don't always get completed, and it's always frustrating when I have like 50% or 70% of a vomit written, but I can't quite get myself into the same frame of mind or the same zone, so I can't finish it. If I try to simply continue from it it feels awkward and disjointed and I just don't like it. I don't like managing all of that data and information. Maybe if I had a better way of managing information I would like it.

But in the meantime, I have the opportunity to read books– and I have a lot of books that I want to read, that need reading, yet have not been read– presumably because again I'm unnecessarily perfectionist about things and I want reading time to be so nice and perfect. On hindsight, when I was a kid I would just read like crazy because books are amazing and they deserve to interrupt everything else I'm doing. I would lie on the floor and roll over and over– I'm sure I've already posted a picture of "portrait of a boy reading" somewhere in one of the earlier vomits. [3]

So it feels like commutes are good times to get some reading done (if the train isn't too bloody crowded... which will probably be the case later). I typically read with a pen and then underline and add notes as I please, so I can revisit the book later on and have a conversation with my younger self about what is interesting or important. I'm enjoying the notes in my books almost as much as the books themselves.

Okay, now for a quick sketch about the people. It's interesting to pay attention to people. I live in a little apartment with my wife and two cats (and a tenant), and I work in an office with about 10-20 people in it at any given time– but I'm mostly just noticing the two people I'm sitting in between, and the 3 people sitting across me. We might have lunch as a group of 10 or more.

Sometimes I go to grab coffee downstairs, and there I bump into people from other offices. I have neighbours at home– people who live next door, and people who live in floors below– but I don't really relate to those people very much. We have offices next door to ours at work, and they're working on other interesting things. I bump into people at the coffeehouse downstairs, and I know they must all be working on different problems, too. And then we zoom out to the commute, and there are literally hundreds to thousands of people that I rub shoulders with every single day. I'm curious about them. What are they up to? What are their troubles and concerns? I wish I could know. I wish I could peer into each individual and really get a sense of what's going on with them, because it's so boring to just obsess about me.

I suppose I could start with my close friends, and ask them what's up. I should really do more of that. I'll schedule coffee with more of them.

[1] Currently re-reading: Nassim Taleb's Antifragile, after re-reading Black Swan. I had last read it when I was still unemployed, I think. So now I get to look at it with a more discerning, working-adult perspective. It's pretty good stuff. Makes me wonder what else I ought to be re-reading. I'm really going by feel here. Should I be reading new books, or re-reading old ones? That's something I shouldn't really worry about until I'm done reading this one– whether I finish it (I'm pretty sure I will) or I feel like I want to do something else.

[2] I have a lot of data points about what it's like to write about things when you have only one data point– which will probably be one of the interesting things for me to talk about once the vomits are done. I will have like a hundred data points, maybe more. I wonder what I'll learn from that. Probably that I don't learn very much. Maybe I should get to that sooner rather than later. Daily re-writing should help me revisit this point earlier.

[3] Aside: I should definitely have some trains-of-thought about reading, etc that I can just refer to instead of re-writing over and over again. Have thought about this before. Am starting to see the clear utility in it. /school, /reading, /failure, /smoking, and so on. Links to all the posts I've written about each thing, and a general summary of the story so far. That just feels like a lot of effort, though. So I suppose I should figure out what the minimum viable effort is. Just a search, with all the links? I suppose I could do that over the weekend? I have to get some work done first.

The next thing then is to do the review again tomorrow. And the day after. I suppose at some point I'll even add a planning segment to the reviews, where I think about what I want to do the next day. But that's over-planning for now, and adding too much complexity. I have to get this super simple thing done. I've started using this little moleskine book that I've had for a while but didn't find any use for. It's thin, it's pretty and I can keep it by my bed. I should be able to remember to write in it before I go to bed everyday, and I'm keeping it where I charge my phone. (What would be awesome would be if I'm not able to charge my phone until I've done the review. That would be awesome.)

I've been doing more thinking-about-meditation (though perhaps not enough meditation). Just a sort of broad, reflective sort of thinking. I stopped to take a walk today around the block– something I do sometimes– and I did it with the lens of "do this like it's the last thing you'll ever do." And in a sense it is, isn't it? Everything is the last thing you'll ever do in that moment. You might do something similar later on, but in that particular moment that is entirely how you're going to spend that brief gift of time. It doesn't make sense to ever be sloppy in practice, or ever to be sloppy in anything, really. If you act, act hard. If you rest, rest fully. It doesn't make sense to do things in a half-hearted way. And yet I do... seemingly because of unenlightened legacy processes.

Maybe that answers the earlier question. I don't like taking responsibility for my life. I haven't developed it– it's an atrophy muscle. I haven't yet learned to trust myself to take actions that benefit me, so I allow myself to fall into habits that do NOT benefit me- or even outright damage me. And as always, this sounds silly when I write it down. So I'm hoping that the act of writing it down regularly will help me internalize just how silly it is.

If I do nothing else with these vomits but remind myself that I want to live life fully, to embrace rather than reject or deny the present moment, I think I would've done well. In these spaces I create the beginnings of the sparks that will turn into the flame of lightness and awareness that will consume my life. And I will take back this world that I have given away to forces beyond my control. I will greet at the door the stranger that is myself, and I will feast on my life. That's the plan. And that's the doing, the being, right now.

Yeah, cheesy language I know. But I think it's true. I think I've caught tantalizing little glimpses of what it might be like to live life without fear, without anxiety. To pay attention– not as a fine, not as punishment for being a lousy human being, but because attention is a gift worth lavishing on every single facet of being.

What of prioritization? I suppose I can't even begin to think about prioritization if I'm not even here. Only when I'm here do I have the luxury and privilege of scanning through my environment, scanning my own body, scanning my own mind and discovering what the most important thing is. And then I can do that. As Marcus Aurelius put it, if I concentrate at each minute on what's in front of me, and I act upon it with tenderness, with justice, and I put away distractions and I focus, then I'll find in fact that I don't actually need to do everything. There are actually just a few things that need to be done in life– it's just that they need to be done well. There's an elegance in that that's eluding me right now, but I am determined to grasp it– or rather, to embody it, because it's not something you grasp.

The first time I read the phrase "insight porn", it really hit me hard. I realize that I was entirely guilty of enjoying it, and maybe a little too much. I know, people criticize things like TED talks, but that sort of comes with the territory. [1] If you're trying to popularize things, you're going to have to leave some stuff out so that it's digestible for a mainstream audience.

What hit me was seeing somebody used the term "insight pornographer" to describe himself and his community of online friends, in a rather self-aware way. He enjoys unearthing insights, and he enjoys reading about them, and sharing them with others. And so does everyone in the community. That's what the tribe is built around. Sharing and trading insights.

Some of these insights might be actionable, they might have real value when applied to day-to-day life. Others might simply be enjoyable to contemplate, like the realization that everything is connected, that things are much vaster, more complex and more profound than we normally appreciate. It doesn't really change your day-to-day workload or your relationships in a direct way, but it does give you a more appreciative view of things– which might subtly influence your decision-making.

Regardless, when I saw the phrase I realized– that's what I was beginning to become. An insight pornographer. I mean that with the slight negative connotation– where "insight" is meant to mean something that makes you feel good because of the way the thoughts and words are arranged. [2]

There are a whole bunch of subreddits with the Porn suffix. HumanPorn, GeographyPorn, ChurchPorn, ThingsCutInHalfPorn. Anything that seems gorgeous or splendid in some way that appears hyperreal, maybe.

The point is... porn isn't a bad thing by itself, but it gets the nasty connotations it does precisely because it can become something very addictive and consuming. The hyperreal can become more compelling than reality.

I think the same applies as much to Insight Porn as it does to any other kind of porn. And I think when I really wrap my head around that idea– that I was spending time and energy trying to arrive at theories and descriptions of things that felt good, independent of anything else– I get a little uncomfortable. Because I know I don't want to be an insight pornographer for life. It's something I'll always enjoy, sure, but I want to be something more than that.

What exactly is that? That's the question I'm trying to answer, and it's pretty clear that I probably won't be able to think my way to the solution. Because then I'll just get a new Insight (tm), and that by itself is not very helpful. I'm reminded of Alan Watts talking about the "private buddhas", people who think they've attained enlightenment when really they've just gotten themselves attached to a new illusion.

What do I really want? What is the "more than insight porn" thing about reality that I want to grasp, or at least open myself to and welcome, if grasping is not an actual possibility?

I'm grasping at straws here trying to figure this out so it's going to be a bit messy and not make a lot of sense. But I feel like there has to be something real that's beyond insight. In my bones I know it to be true– a person with a lot of insight isn't necessarily a person who is fulfilled, who is full, who is happy and radiant. An insight pornographer can be a very anxious, spiteful person– at least, I've definitely found myself feeling that way.

What do I want then? I want to feel more full. I want to feel more at ease without being deluded. I want to be able to see reality for what it is, and accept it as it is, and operate in it as I am without feeling like I'm struggling to keep up. I want to swim with the current, not against it. I feel like I'm often resisting many currents and it's an ugly mess, a very unnecessary, neurotic ugly mess. And insights don't really help with that. They just sound good.

I slept later than I would've liked to, yesterday. And when I woke up I spent quite a bit of time bumming on reddit and imgur, which I wish I hadn't. I was talking to D yesterday over burgers and beers and we talked about the mentors and role models in our lives, and I brought up the fact that my boss has this amazing ability to ask me questions about me that even I don't ask myself. For example, if I ask myself, why did I end up on reddit? The answer would be because I'm bored, because I'm lazy, because it's simple and easy, because it's convenient, because I'm "like that". I'm a slacker and procrastinator.

But that stops the inquiry short. There is something beyond that surface that I don't normally dig past, and it's clear that I'm going to have to dig past that if I want to really get into myself, really get Me. In a sense I am avoiding things, why? Because I'm perfectionist, why? I know that I want to write, I know that a part of me was hoping that I would do like 40 word vomits when I was in Cebu. When I came here, I felt compelled to relax. Which is fine, but then I did ultimately exceed into the excess-relaxing that I know within myself is not a healthy, happy, pleasant thing. It's just ugh. And I don't want to be ugh.

I suppose me writing this right now is a tiny little glimmer of hope for me to surpass my older programming. Even if it's just by a little bit, it's progress.

[1] I'm not sure if I've ever seen the term insight-porn used to describe TED, but if I did, I didn't think much of it then.

[2] Jason Silva is a HUGE insight pornographer. He's like the Sasha Grey of Insight Porn. TEDx is like /r/gonewild, maybe.
I had a moment earlier which I really wanted to capture, which also reminded me of several other moments. I'd like to christen them "moments out of time". By that I don't mean that these moments are literally outside of time, but rather they're outside of "perceived time", or they're outside of the expected structure, the expected formula for things. First let me describe this specific moment.

This latest moment out of time was me and D in a SUV, with two of D's friends that we had only just really begun to get to know. We're in Cebu, which is their hometown, and they were driving us up the mountainous region. It was just really pleasant to roll the windows down and take in all the greenery. In those moments, staring out of the window, I found myself feeling "out of time"– like this was a sort of unscheduled, unplanned, unexpected moment that was really just mine. Me and three other human beings, sharing an experience together, just chatting about small little things like work and life and family, one of them is getting married soon, and they were telling us about their life in Cebu.

Other moments like this come to mind– this one didn't come to me while I was there, but there were a few times during my NS when I would be lying on the back of a civilian truck that was driving from a camp all the way in the east to another all the way in the west. There was nothing to do, so I'd just lie on my back and look at the trees going past. It was very meditative, one of those "if this is all that there is to life, so be it" moments.

Another couple of moments– once during my Basic Training when it was raining, and we had been done with our fitness proficiency tests, and there was just nothing to do– so we just stayed in our bunks all day. The same thing happened during my Signals course– a bunch of folks had gone for a navigation exercise, and we were exempted, so we had a mysterious day off. In both cases, when I think about it, the days off were especially meaningful not simply because we were doing nothing, but because we were granted the freedom to do nothing in the midst of our hectic day-to-day activities. It was a respite, like gulping water when you're really tired and thirsty after some strenous exercise.

I'm sure there have been other moments like this. One was when we were assembling little wire joints under the cover of darkness, working late into the night– aided by torches. I don't remember exactly what we were chatting about, but it felt really meaningful at the time– even though we don't remember it. Probably about girlfriends, school, parents, families– things that we were all struggling with at the time.

What other moments out of time are there? Skipping school, playing truant. Climbing over the gates and then rushing off to the LAN centers to play video games. Skipping school to sit at the Esplanade, trying to do homework but really not getting anything done. Playing Grand Theft Auto 3 late into the night when at a class chalet. Heading out to meet a friend with the intention of watching the new (first!) Harry Potter movie, blowing all our money on the arcades, and then finding 3 tickets on the floor somewhere. We discarded one and used the remaining two. It felt so naughty but we enjoyed the movie.

Going to Genting with the girlfriend and with other friends. I wasn't supposed to be there– I think I told my parents that it was a chalet. Hotels with the girlfriend, too. Didn't really tell anybody about those either. Hey, we're married now. Going to concerts together. Watching live artists– Mr Big, L'arc~en~Ciel, Paramore, Esperanza Spalding, Jason Mraz, Slash and Miles Kennedy. Modern Children, the Korean band. Baybeats.

I suppose I can't really draw a clear distinction between "moments out of time" and just plain good memories. But something just compelled me to think about this. Because in all of these moments, I find myself thinking "Yes, this is what life is about. This is what life is for." Volunteering at Prisons. Organizing a gig and having it do unexpectedly well. Organizing a gig and having it do unexpectedly badly.

Meeting an old friend for dinner. Meeting a new friend for dinner. Meeting smart people and having good conversations. Doing standup comedy. Getting married. Getting on a boat in Bangkok. Cooking chicken for the first time (and beef, though I screwed that one up royally!). Cooking eggs for the first time. A mindful, meditative afternoon on my sofa, staring out of the window.

I guess the takeaway– the thing that I want to remind myself of– is that it's important to create these moments for myself. Sometimes life hands you these moments by chance, but it seems incredibly wasteful to depend entirely on chance for them to happen– or to put them off, thinking I'll get to them next month, next year, next decade. It simply doesn't work like that– that's not healthy. I shouldn't be living my life in drudgery and routine, even if I like my job and even if I like the day-to-day pleasures of scrolling through reddit and imgur. I enjoy having completed word vomits. I enjoy having gone for runs– and yes I do remember that day when I ran a total of 6 rounds in a single session, and that felt really good.

I suppose the insight here is that there are ways to feel really good, if I just pay attention and ask myself what I want. Earlier I was reading, and I finished reading William Gibson's Neuromancer. I really enjoyed it. Then I started reading Carl Zimmer's Evolution, and I found that I was sort of forcing myself to go through it– so I decided to switch things up and do a word vomit instead.

I suppose at the heart of it is meditation, mindfulness. And reaching out to people, making commitments in advance to do things that I know will be interesting, that I know will allow me to enter a different state of mind than the daily-mundane. Because life is too short to put that stuff away. We have to make time for Life.

I just wanted to remind myself that getting something adopted– getting something implemented– is every bit as hard as coming up with something worth implementing. A better mousetrap is worth little if everybody is incredibly happy with their existing mousetrap, and isn't interested in changing their mousetrap experience.

This is a marketing problem. Marketing is about the customer, not the product.

The customer is a novel and stable pattern of human behavior. If the pattern of human behavior is incredibly satisfied, trying to win it over with a marginally better offering is a bit of a losing game.

We can get into some nuance about commodities vs products– the crux of which is this– a marginally better offering is NOT a better product. A better product finds a better way to solve the problem, optimizing for some dimension that was previously unoptimized for. The first thing that comes to mind for me right now is the vertical monitor that I use at work. A monitor that can be swivelled to be vertical is functionally, qualitatively different from a monitor that has slightly better resolution, slightly better clarity than another monitor. It solves a different problem. It satisfies a different customer.

The cool thing is– when you solve a problem with this new dimension, you don't actually need to be as good as the other offerings on the other dimensions. The iPhone doesn't have to have the best possible phone service– people use it for the apps, for the Internet, to access Facebook, to Whatsapp their friends. Similarly, the first iPod didn't have to have amazing audio clarity– it's selling point was that you could carry your entire music library in your pocket. The audio quality could come afterwards if necessary. (I can't remember the details– they might have sold on it too, which makes the decision-making much, much easier for the consumers. But Apple is a massive company. If you're doing this as a solo individual or as a small team, you're going to have to prioritize. That means focusing on what makes you special to the customers who would want your still-scrappy product.)

I was thinking about all of this this when my wife showed me this potential startup that wanted to build a sort of holistic end-to-end solution for businesses, with a whole list of tools.

The problem with that is– even if you build the perfect multi-purpose tool (which is really quite impossible), you need to get people to start using it, to keep using it, to pay for it. And that involves a whole bunch of decisions from a whole bunch of people who have existing patterns of behavior, all of which are suboptimal in some way or another. It's really, really hard to get people to adopt your stuff, even if it's good. Think about the most basic things, like sleeping and eating well. There are loads of people who acknowledge that it's important to sleep and eat well, and who say that they would like to sleep and eat well, but simply don't get around to doing it because change is difficult– even when it's good for you. It's doubly hard when it's a product or service of some kind, which requires substantial investments of time, money, goodwill, effort, etc etc.

I found myself thinking of Esperanto– a language that was specifically designed and constructed to be as "perfect" as possible. Specifically, it was crafted to be an "easy-to-learn, politically neutral language that would transcend nationality and foster peace and international understanding between people with different languages." Noble aims, and something that's definitely sorely needed in the world. (If you want to strive for SOME sort of perfection, it will almost definitely have to be along some narrow constraint. It will be have to be perfect at solving a very specific problem in a very specific context for a very specific customer. If you do that stupendously well, you might earn the privilege of expanding into other contexts, maybe other customers, maybe other problems. Usually related ones.)

Yet despite being around for over 100 years, less than 0.02% of the world speaks Esperanto– even though it's reportedly easier to learn than English, and that learning it makes it much easier for people to learn any other language subsequently! Almost a rounding error. Why? The simplest reason is that not many people speak it, and people aren't typically interested in learning a language that hardly anybody else speaks. Yes, it's a chicken-and-egg problem, and it's very hard to solve. The same thing applies when you're trying to sell a product– people don't want to use a product that's been untested, unless it's incredibly good at solving a problem that they urgently need solved– so urgent that they're willing to try an untested version made by people they don't know.

If everybody learned Esperanto, the world would be better off for it. But people don't care about they world. We care about ourselves. And none of us really has a "I need to learn Esperanto" problem.

So you can't just design the perfect language, the perfect product, the perfect fitness routine, even. It's worth almost nothing by itself– it's just a sort of academic, intellectual exercise. It can be interesting to contemplate or study, but it might even turn out to be a huge distraction– it might mislead you from figuring out adoption patterns. It's startlingly easy to get attached to a theoretically-perfect model of how things should be, and then defer to that theoretical-perfection instead of the needs and wants, the behavior of of imperfect people. We live in the real world.

Solve for adoption. Solve for real customers who are messy, tired, busy, have a ton of problems as it is, aren't interested in sitting around and comparing your product to other people's products (though you better make damn sure you facilitate this for those who want to do it– because they're so close to buying!).

This is hard to remember when you're making stuff. You're never just making stuff. You're also making a customer– helping people modify their behavior. Behavioral change is Very. Fucking Hard.

There's this video that I've watched several times on now on YouTube– it's by this series called Sequelitis, and it talks about how Megaman X is basically the best sequel to a video game ever, and describes how it does an amazing job of teaching gamers how to play. I've played Megaman X and X3 (I'm not so sure about X2... I think I've tried it, but never got around to completing it. I don't think I completed Megaman X, either... or rather, I think I completed it by exploiting Save States, which is kinda cheating.)

I've shared this video with multiple people on multiple occasions now, and each time I share it I tend to watch it again, and it tends to make me think again about many things. In this case, the basic idea of communication. (It's tempting to try and write a vomit that structurally, conceptually communicates the idea I'm trying to talk about, but I know that that will be an endless rabbithole. Maybe I'll do that after I write this first.)

What Megaman and Super Mario and other amazing video games understand that a lot of the rest of us don't is this– people learn in little chunks. We start by putting together a sort of vague framework for thinking about problems. We look at what we have, we mash things together, we try different options, click around. We see what we have. Then we rub against the walls.

There's a comic that somebody shared on Twitter about what it's like to watch your customers try your product for the first time– it shows a person trying to drink water from a cup by licking at the base, pouring it over themselves, and so on. The point is that it's obvious to any creator what the purpose of a thing is, but it's never obvious to new users. The challenge is to design things in such a way that people can simply bump their way towards understanding. They should never have to digest and dissect something complex and/or complicated to make sense of it.

How Megaman X does this is really quite amazing. Your character is used as a cursor on the start menu, and when you select the "Start Game" option, your character fires a powerful bolt of energy across the screen– informing you that your character has the ability to shoot. When the game starts, you land at the left of the screen. If you press the buttons on your cursor, you'll find that your immediate options are "go left, go right, jump, shoot". If you try to go left, you run into a wall. So clearly you should move right. (For the rest of the game, you'll be primarily moving right to progress forward.) You encounter one enemy at a time– the first ones you can kill by shooting right at them. After a while you encounter some enemies that can only be killed by shooting at sweet spots– for example, a tall enemy might need you to jump and shoot.

The game progressively teaches you new skills by putting you in circumstances where you can observe what the optimal case is. You can afford to make mistakes, you can try again, and it's made incredibly easy for you to infer what you ought to do in a given encounter. If you feel like it's too easy, the difficulty ramps up almost immediately afterwards, after you get it.

I highly recommend watching the video, I'll probably be referencing it and quoting it a lot. The simple idea at the heart of it is– you teach people very simple basic skills that you can then build upon, build onto, over and over again into ultimately very complex behaviors. For example I remember in Megaman X you'll be able to dash, and control your slide down walls. And then you'll learn the ability to air dash, so after a while you combine these skills and you start doing amazing things like jumping over an enemy, air-dashing across to the wall, wall jumping more, so on and so forth.

On hindsight, this must have been a huge part of why I loved so many video games so much. Part of it was the narrative. Part of it was the promise of getting stronger, getting better. And part of it was the wonderful combination of all those skills. I enjoyed earning the stars in Bare Knuckle that would allow me to do more powerful attacks. I enjoyed successfully completing a stage in Metal Slug without losing any lives, getting all the bonus points at the end. I enjoyed developing combinable skills and getting more powerful weapons in Diablo 2 and other RPGs– DarkStone. The prospect of growing stronger and eventually destroying things much more powerful than you are– in a video game, that's laid out for you in a very awesome way. I enjoyed winning people's affection and loyalty as Commander Shepard in Mass Effect 2.

Of course, reality is a lot more complex than video games. Part of that is simply the way nature is. Life is complex, crazy, chaotic, open, random, arbitrary, cruel, messy. But part of it is human design. Perception. If we can design video games (closed systems– some of which open up into remarkably open systems, like World of Warcraft– a very addictive game that builds real human relationships, teamwork, skills, and orgasmic cries of joy when people successfully defeat a huge boss)– we can design a lot of things around us to be better. By better, I mean we can teach ourselves to live better the way Megaman X teaches us to play the game, and to get good at it.

We ought to automatically get very clear readouts of our sleep quality, our diet, our blood sugar levels, exhaustion levels, mental states, all of those things. If we can see these things regularly (I fantasize about being able to see it in real time– some day this will be a reality), and we can see how our actions affect them, then I think we'll very naturally learn to masterfully manage our own meatbags.

I've definitely written about this many, many times– how I'd like to measure everything. Well hey, I'm wearing a Mi Fit tracker thingy now. I've been writing in a notebook for quite a few days. I've had a lot of practice at doing this thing, I just need to keep up with it. Keep going. And I need to recover faster. None of this is new, I've repeated myself a hundred times.

Why do I fail? I get tired and I lose the clarity of mind? Why do I get tired? I sleep late. WHy do I sleep late? I get distracted, I get scared, I lose focus, I try to rush things at the end. I should never sleep late ever again. Even if things are fucking up, I should probably just sleep early. I should meditate regularly. Every day. And I should write about it. I should experiment with my notebooks.

I suppose ultimately this is just one of many many reminders of the same thing. It feels like a regular tempo and a tie-in with other humans is part of what will make this successful.
It's funny when framed that way, but I'm totally guilty of doing the same thing in other less obvious circumstances. For example, at work, whenever I have a spare moment I tend to default to tinkering with our social media profiles, replying to people and studying the people we're following. Why? Because I'm good at it, because I'm familiar with it. But it's not necessarily the most important thing I could be doing with my time. I could try to argue that I can't always be rigidly prioritizing the most important thing I need to be doing [1], because I won't have the energy. Sometimes I will be weary, tired, sometimes I won't have a lot of time or energy on my hands, and it makes sense to default to something mindless and simple.

That is simultaneously a little true and untrue. It's the most annoying class of dilemmas I've encountered so far– one where you're technically right within a particular frame, but you're more broadly wrong because you chose the wrong frame to begin with– or rather, you made decisions earlier that left you in a suboptimal frame.

Does that sound a little too abstract? Let's run through the layers of possible scenarios.

1– there's something clearly right to be doing ("doing work") and something clearly wrong ("not doing work" – spending the workday on Facebook.) In this case, if you're even slightly clear-headed, it's clear that you should do the right thing. This is a non-problem. (AKA DONT BE USELESS. If I'm being useless, it's probably symptomatic of some problem that needs addressing. Or, ideally, it's because I just accomplished something so incredibly amazing that I needed to rest afterwards. This is currently very rare.)

2– suppose you learn to eliminate the bad habits like wasting all day on Facebook, which might have been a logical thing to do when stuck in NS with silly, pointless responsibilities that help nobody, that have no outcome, no benefit for anyone, etc. Okay, great. Now you can spend all your time doing work. (NO LONGER USELESS... BUT NOT VERY USEFUL EITHER.)

3- Even in the realm of "doing work", there is urgent/important, important, urgent/unimportant, distracting busywork. I tend to spend most of my time shifting between urgent/unimportant and distracting busywork. Even after getting rid of most of my distractions, I'm not doing the important and urgent/important work that I ought to be doing. (FIRST THINGS FIRST.)

4- At a meta level, there is managing my own psychology and mental state. (SHARPEN THE SAW.) Important work and urgent/important work is usually also difficult work, and difficult work requires focus, clarity of mind. If I don't have clarity of mind, I almost definitely default to doing useless busywork, or even outright distractions. I'm likelier to go on Reddit, Facebook, etc. Which is the worst thing of all.

How does one manage psychology, mental state, executive function? I'm reminded of Dr. Barker talking about ADHD, I should link to that video, revisit it, rewatch it. Things like exercise are critical. Accomplishing tasks– important ones, especially– also help. I cannot allow my executive functioning to drop below a certain level, because then all is lost. I should take immediate corrective measures– take a walk, eat something, watch a motivational video, sit and meditate for a few minutes and reorient myself. It might make sense to even go home and sleep. Whatever it is, staying online is almost always a bad idea.

I ought to really have this shit figured out super clearly. I ought to leave stickers for myself with very clear instructions, so that I can save myself. Come to think of it, I'm kind of like a diabetic or an asthmatic, only my weird condition of just giving up on everything is on the inside. Hopefully I haven't given up too badly on anything recently, I haven't damaged my own life and my relationships with other people too much. I need to teach myself how to medicate myself, and I should teach people close to me how to talk to me, what to tell me so that I can take care of myself and get more out of life.

I'm writing this while I'm on a plane, in the freaking atmosphere– and I'm just returning from 5 days in Cebu. I really needed the break. I should definitely take a lot more breaks in the future, because they refresh and rejuvenate me substantially. There are a few little things I could've done to improve my "rest hygiene", like be more precise about my sleep, and maybe get a few more little niggling chores out of the way, but fuck it– I did what I could, and worrying about what I didn't do then is a mere distraction from what I have ahead of me. I have significantly cleared some of the fluff and fuzz that was in my head. I will meditate. I will rehydrate. I will sleep early, and I will attack my biggest problems and concerns with as much ferocity as I can muster.


[1] Though... if you think about it, that's one of the Habits of Highly Effective People. First Things First. Along with "be proactive" and "begin with the end in mind". My boss would probably say that he tries his best to prioritize the most important thing at any given time, all the time. Shucks, I can't even imagine what that's like yet, but I imagine it involves far less anxiety than I currently live with.

I don't always begin my vomits with the end in mind. I suppose I just keep going however I feel like going, and if at some point I feel like I really ought to start doing very desired-end-state writing, then I can start doing that. I suppose it would just quietly seep into my subconscious thinking. I don't want to be too deliberate about these vomits. We'll see.

I left a prompt for myself titled "cultivating a different perspective". I suppose I wanted to remind myself that it's important to cultivate different perspectives, and I wanted to walk through my own thoughts about how one ought to do it. I also remember specifically writing a visakanv.com/marketing post– it was about how people with different native tongues write english differently, in ways that taste and smell incredibly distinct.

I wanted to write about how important it is that different perspectives be allowed to flourish, because that's almost definitely what we're going to need before we can solve a lot of the intractable problems that trouble us today.

I was also thinking about all of this with the context of the travelling that I was doing– just a short simple flight from Singapore to Cebu, where I stayed in a hotel for 5 days. We ate good food, drank lots of cheap beer, stayed up chatting about life, about Lee Kuan Yew's death (RIP), swam with whale sharks, enjoyed a magnificently pristine beach and lots of great sea views, a great steak, a great burger, good pasta, fluffy pancakes, all that good stuff. Wonderful moments out of time that I will definitely remember, that will keep me going.

I already think I ought to plan the next one so that I have something to look forward to, something to wrap things up for. I owe my wife a huge debt for getting me to think about this. A saw needs sharpening, the mind needs so be allowed to settle.

Right. Why is it important to cultivate different perspectives? There are two parts to this.

The first is that life is simply much more beautiful when you have multiple perspectives. Each new perspective, I find, doesn't just add value in a linear fashion. Every new perspective plays and dances with every preexisting perspective, which creates this wonderful runaway spiraling effect. 1 perspective is dull. 2 perspectives can argue with each other (but unless somewhat enlightened, will quickly become us vs. them and get entrenched), 3 perspectives and we have a party– you agree with some of this one, disagree with some of that one. Add more and things get even more intricate, and you start seeing patterns– several points of view fall within some particular style, some particular system... you see how something is simultaneously wonderful and terrible. It makes reality a lot more rich and beautiful.

The second part, for the practical minded, is that different perspectives help you solve different problems. A lot of intractable problems in the world today are only seemingly intractable– there is nothing in the realm of physical reality, nothing in the molecules that makes it destined that these problems have to persist. The problem is usually that we get caught up with approaching the solution to a problem in one particular way, and when it doesn't work, we maybe try harder along the same dimension, or we give up and switch to the opposite perspective (handing things over to "The Opposition"). The problem is that this sort of binary thinking is itself inherently limited. Sometimes problems need much more creative solutions. They need to be framed in different ways. They need to be looked at differently. While some people are inherently more gifted (or more often than not, I think, more highly practised– though it's worth asking why they practiced so much in the first place) at changing their frames, nobody is capable of seeing all things in all ways.

Thankfully, we have a broad range of peoples. Many languages. Many perspectives. Derek Sivers pointed out that in the West, streets have names, and buildings are merely spaces between the streets– while in Japan, buildings have names, and streets are merely the spaces between buildings. Both ways are valid ways of seeing and thinking. People only exposed to one way of thinking are less likely to thing the other way– and yet it's entirely possible that some problems that the people in one situation have... might be easily solved if they only were able to see things like the people from the other tribe. Those folks might not even see it as an issue.

I'm reminded now of Alan Watts talking about how different cultures view reincarnation and death differently, and how there are people for whom the notion of being afraid of death is silly. Doesn't that seem somewhat lovely? It might seem absurd or naive to some people, but that's a conclusion that emerged and developed from their particular belief system.

Which reminds me again of how almost every group of people must seem absurd and silly to some other group of people. And we're going to have to accept that, and learn to live with that– learn to smile and laugh and not take it so seriously, not kill each other over it– because we're all going to fucking die anyway. Which is glorious in one sense (Absolute freedom, liberty! No more thinking necessary. No more pain, no more bills to pay, no more obligations to fulfill, no more emails to reply...) but also quite a bit of a shame in other sense (there will be so much that we won't get to see, witness... just when things are getting so exciting.) I might change my view about this as life goes on. In fact I will be rather disappointed if I don't. A lifetime feels like a ridiculously long amount of time to spend shackled to a particular belief system. We should appreciate and learn from as many things as we can, follow our bliss, yadda yadda.

So anyway– I think cultivating perspectives is Important with a capital I. The earlier we do it the better. We ought to argue more, but forgive each other more too, and be quick to say sorry, and be quick to say that we're hurt (rather than retaliate), so that we can learn faster, move faster and get more joy out of life.

Of course, we don't have to RUSH about it. I believe there's a way to do things well, with solid intensity– without being an anxious, terrified bitch about it. There must be!
Games and projects that really give you a sense of life, in terms of $$ / time? (0093)

Mass Effect. Dragon Age. (I suppose this means I should play more BioWare?) I appreciate Megaman X for the narrative. I enjoyed Simcity's progression, the idea of building a city from scratch still has a certain allure about it for me. I never quite got around to building an amazingly beautiful City in SimCity 3000– or did I? I would get tired after a certain amount of progression. [1]

Poker is supposed to do this to some degree, and I appreciate that intellectually, but it feels like the amount of effort I’d have to put into learning it is so vast that I ought to build a more ‘leveragable’ skill set instead. That sounds a little bullshitty. I think the short answer is– I’ve read about people who got really good at poker, and while I appreciate the benefits, I can’t imagine making that sort of commitment. And I’m not very interested in being halfway good at that. I’d rather become a doubly good writer than be a decent poker player. I can just avoid games where I can’t afford to lose my buy-in, and play purely for social reasons. Or not at all.

What other games? I suppose we could talk about sports. I think I enjoyed basketball when I used to play it. I used to watch Slam Dunk on Anime, and I'd even try to practice a few drills at home... and I'd sometimes go out to the court and shoot a few hoops. I was never as methodical as I would've liked to have had been. I never did the strength training I would've had liked to have had done– though I do remember Googling a lot about it, reading a lot about it. Watching videos about it. I found the idea of it entertaining, but maybe it didn't sing to my soul the way writing does. (All of this is very affected by hindsight bias. Maybe if I had more athlete friends, if I had better eating habits, nutrition, etc, who knows. I've since sorta burnt out a lot of of the other maybe-plausible narratives that I started out with. I'll find them intact in old notebooks.)

The question involves money and time, which I haven't addressed yet. I suppose I wanted to talk about learning to allocate resources better by playing around with variables and seeing what the outcome is. (Or, in less stodgy terms, learning how to manage your money by playing starcraft and realizing that you don't have enough mineral, you have insufficient vespene gas.)

Which makes me think– pricing pages should be interactive, as my wife once suggested to me in conversation. Interactive sliders are the best thing ever, because by playing around with the variables yourself, you develop an understanding of the relationships betwen things. It's a lot easier to learn things when you can see the outcome of your decisions clearly.

Oh my god, there ought to be a website that very simply allows you to input your installment plan and see what the interest is like, what the compound interest is like, what the late payment is like, etc. We ought to be able to see things things in very clear visual terms, because we're visual creatures. (99% sounds like it's almost perfect, but 99% safety on plane flights mean over 250 plane crashes a day!!)

I wish I had been able to compute what would've happened if I saved my NS money better, if I had saved money in JC better... I doubt I'd have done it, but it would be very powerful just to help people visualize these things. "What is your allowance?" "What do you spend money on?", etc etc. I'm guessing that there are people who have tried to make elaborate games and stuff that teach kids about these things, but really, people ought to be able to simply input their own real-life situations. That's what people really care about. Not abstractions. Real life problems. [2]

Let's zoom back out– the point of this vomit was to think and talk about games that allow me to have a better sense of how to spend my time and money. How am I currently spending my time and money? More randomly than I'd like, less deliberately than I'd like. Like a child playing Grand Theft Auto just by mashing the buttons. (Oh god, we're all button-mashing through life.) The goal is to figure out for myself how to frame my life in a way that allows me to do better, live better.

I feel like I'm starting to get warmer. I frame it as an energy maximization problem, pleasure maximization problem. (Regret minimization problem, says Jeff Bezos. Climb out of your current box, says Tobias Lutke. Be Less Suboptimal, says Dinesh Raju.) I want to be happier. I want to make more people happy. I want my wife to be happy. I want to enjoy more good moments out of time. To afford those things I need to be more focused and razorsharp in the work that I do. I need to be proactive, begin with the end in mind, and do first things first. So that motivation I think is pretty clear. Life is short and it ought to be pleasant. Sitting on my ass is not pleasant unless I've first done some good work. So I need to do good work to enjoy sitting on my ass, and I need to enjoy sitting on my ass so I can do good work.

What are the next steps? (next post)

[1] Which I think I was feeling guilty about for a while– it's like I pick up all these video games, start getting semi-good at them, and then I stop there. I never MASTER any of them. I could probably master Metal Slug X if I wanted to, but the final nuances are the most difficult and the prospect of it somehow just doesn't satisfy me. As I get older I think I should trust my nose on this more. I went through a phase where I felt like I ought to complete every single thing I started, otherwise I must still be a failure. I'm realizing now that that was kinda flagellating. I was punishing myself to the extreme– why? I must have inherited these ideas from somewhere– maybe family, maybe school, maybe religion, pop culture, who knows.

It's clear to me now that I really just ought to quickly run through my interests and focus on whatever excites me the most, within the frames that I've developed for understanding what's practical and what's not. I do still think that it's worth doing a reading of LKY's memoirs, but is it the single most important thing I should be doing with my time right now?

Nope.

[2] Speaking of real life problems, I'm reminded of how tickled I was when keywordtool.io pointed out the vast number of ailments people Google for when searching "What is the cause of ..." or "How does ..." or "how to cure ...". You look at the world around you and it LOOKS like people have their shit together, but it's all an illusion. We're almost all nervous and anxious and scared. Almost everybody you see needs to poop and pee, and was the consequence of an ejaculation. I feel like we don't talk about that enough.
(some repetition)

Let's zoom back out– the point of this vomit was to think and talk about games that allow me to have a better sense of how to spend my time and money. How am I currently spending my time and money? More randomly than I'd like, less deliberately than I'd like. Like a child playing Grand Theft Auto just by mashing the buttons. (Oh god, we're all button-mashing through life.) The goal is to figure out for myself how to frame my life in a way that allows me to do better, live better.

I feel like I'm starting to get warmer. I frame it as an energy maximization problem, pleasure maximization problem. (Regret minimization problem, says Jeff Bezos. Climb out of your current box, says Tobias Lutke. Be Less Suboptimal, says Dinesh Raju.) I want to be happier. I want to make more people happy. I want my wife to be happy. I want to enjoy more good moments out of time. To afford those things I need to be more focused and razorsharp in the work that I do. I need to be proactive, begin with the end in mind, and do first things first. So that motivation I think is pretty clear. Life is short and it ought to be pleasant. Sitting on my ass is not pleasant unless I've first done some good work. So I need to do good work to enjoy sitting on my ass, and I need to enjoy sitting on my ass so I can do good work.

What are the next steps? I feel like that's solved the problem of motivation, I just need to write that down now and paste it everywhere. At home, at work, on my desk, in my wallet. I want to have a good time, damnit, and I know now that it's impossible to have a sustainably good time in the dark playground. So I need to come into the light, painful and scary as that might initially be.

Okay, once I do that, now what? How do I stay here, and keep getting stuff done effectively, instead of sneaking back into the dark and then crawling out into the light and making all of these nice sounds and then repeating the cycle over and over again? People are going to lose patience with me eventually, and perhaps more importantly this cycle is just boring and painful and sad and I should break from it.

Okay, but how? I'm thinking it starts with sleep, and yes okay I will sleep early and take the cold shower and meditate and be-proactive and end-in-mind and first-things-first, okay, okay, awrite awrite awrite awrite awrite awrite awrite... then? Then for now I just stick to it. It's literally the single most important thing and I just need to stick to it. Stick to it for 30 days. Let's start with 10 days. Let's make it a habit. Wake up early in the morning and drink some tea. And write down what I'm going to do the next day. Let's make this literally the highest priority in my life, because once I change this I have an amazing bedrock to start changing more things. I've talked about this several times already.

What will stop me? If I'm inefficient at work and feel like I need to work late, and I'm not clear with my wife about how serious I am about this. Both of these things are entirely my fault, and entirely within my control. The first thing is to make sure that I be efficient at work so that I get the requisite things done. To do that I need to plan my day and chunk things very clearly. I need to figure out the single most important thing of the day and do it. I've been saying that a lot for two years, but I've been procrastinating on that because it never quite feels like I have no choice– as in, it always feels like I have a choice. It always feels like I might be able to start with something smaller, something less daunting. I'm starting to see this now as clearly bullshit. I have to start with the smallest chunk of the single most important thing and get that out of the way. It's slightly counter-intuitive for me, I like to break the little things down first. I like to kill the little guys first. But in this case I need to understand that there will always be the little guys, there's an endless stream of little guys. And I'm not judged by my ability to clear little guys, I'm judged by my ability to break down the big ones into manageable chunks so that I don't get choked up and overwhelmed– which is what happens to me, which is what has been happening to me a lot.

I'm going to be giving a lecture the day after tomorrow. I'm going to prepare for it thoroughly tomorrow, so that I give a good one. I'm going to be early for it, and I'm going to look through everything the students need.

Before that– I have a meeting with my boss tomorrow. I'm going to prepare for it. I think it's absolutely ridiculous that I go for meetings without adequate preparation. I'm still improvising my way through life. Why the fuck am I doing that? Because I secretly think it's fun. Because I secretly think it's exciting. And then I meet folks for meetings and I say what I need to say to elicit sympathetic noises. And then I feel somewhat thankful, that nobody exposed me as a fraud.

But the question is why the fuck am I still being a fraud, then? I'm a fraud to myself, like it or not. There's a part of me that judges me as a fraud. That judgement may or may not be valid. The trick to defeat it is to present it with clear, incontrovertible information that it's wrong. Like how Chris Hadfield talked about reprogramming one's fear of spiders by walking consciously into spider webs over and over again until it becomes familiar.

So I need to do that.

What are the other steps? We know that procrastination has 4 parts– expectancy, value, delay, impulsiveness. We can solve expectancy by breaking things down into littler tasks and writing down what’s hard about it. We can solve value by writing down my mission and purpose in life and how things fit into it. We can solve delay by having daily reviews, ideally with other people involved as well. We solve impulsiveness by having very clear demarcations between work and play. By getting a chunk of work done before anything else. I have this ugly saboteur thought that I have so much work to do that I’ll never be able to have any fun, so I better get my fun ahead of time while I still can.

This is very anxiety-inducing, setting sun sort of dark playground deal that I have learnt is not very useful. You don’t even really enjoy yourself, you just distract yourself from the fact that you haven’t done your work. (Which reminds me of "*browses Imgur stressfully*").

So… I need to get little chunks of work done, and see them as great victories. Seriously, great fucking victories. They’re things I’ve been putting off forever and I’m sick and tired of being scared of them. I have nothing to goddamn fear. I have punished myself more than enough, I have died a thousand deaths already and I don’t have the time or energy to go through that internal bullshit drama anymore. I will rub up against reality with the best of what I’ve got.

Next steps- I’m going to go home, shower and sleep early. Then I’m going to wake up in the morning and plan for my meeting, and plan my tasks for the day.

It’s humbling to discover how easy it is for me to fall back into old patterns and old routines. I enjoyed 5 days of minimal social media and Internet-ing in Cebu. Even then I spent more time on Reddit and Imgur than I would’ve liked, but it felt like I was more disengaged than usual– almost as if the fact that I was on a holiday kept me from taking anything too seriously.

I landed two nights ago, and since then I’ve been trying to pay attention to my actions, behavior, feelings. I was planning to sleep as early as possible, but somehow that didn’t seem like a huge priority. Well– at the very least, I’m out of home and on the train by 10am, which is somewhat earlier than usual. And I feel somewhat well-rested, though that might be more because of the holiday than because of the last couple of nights of sleep. Either way I think it’s become very quickly clear that I’m not nearly in as much control of myself as I like to think I am. Even when I think I’m in control– ESPECIALLY when I think I’m in control– I’m probably not. And this should scare and trouble me, because it’ll stop me from living a fulfilling life, one with presence. As Tim Urban said about procrastinators who manage to survive– we might be happy with our lives, but we’re rarely happy IN our lives. I feel that a lot. Our instant-gratification monkeys dominate us, and yet they know that they’re ultimately not in control.

I really, really need to reconcile my beliefs about parenting, education, etc with my own personal life. I was quite awed by a loved one’s ability to be hyper-aware of problems outside of herself while being simultaneously overwhelmed by her own circumstances. I must be going through the exact same thing. I am aware of all of these things outside of myself (or I think I’m aware, because I have all these explanations and theories– often adjusted after-the-fact to fit things in a comfortable narrative, as always)– and yet I don’t seem to be aware of the things that matter, while they matter. Only later on, much later on.

So maybe that should be my primary focus– apart from constantly talking about my intent to make things better for myself, to live more fully, to learn to better manage my meatball, I should be simply paying attention to myself as though I were something beyond myself, something out there to be explored and navigated. Because I am, as everyone is.

I think the holiday and the return, and the ebb and flow of my mental states and emotions, makes it really clear that environment is a huge determinant of how I feel at any point in time. It’s also the thing that I tend to manipulate the least. I know that going on a holiday makes me feel better, and there is something about a messy, dirty house that I find exhausting. There is something about my bedroom, maybe, that keeps me from waking up and jumping out in the morning. Maybe it’s the prospect of dishes in the sink. So I should do my dishes every night. That much is pretty clear.

I’ve talked about doing a sort of motivation/inspiration wall. I know that reading passages from the Power of Now tend to put me in this nice, meditative state. So I should totally just rip out the pages and plaster them on the wall (figuratively speaking). I need cues and structure and boundaries, just as much as I believe that kids need cues and structures and boundaries in order to learn and grow properly. Maybe I should rewatch Colin Powell’s talk about how kids need structure.

But I can also just reason from first principles. There’s something about the meeting room at work that makes me work harder, so I should totally work in there more often. I’ve set aside a study for myself, I should use it better.

Basically I’ve spent a lot of time thinking about identity, which is nice, and I’ve been trying to will myself into certain behaviours… I should use environments and cues and stuff more. What’s the first thing I should do? I should do an X effect for early sleeps. Early wakes. I told myself I’ll message somebody I trust. I wonder if there’s an accountability buddy I should use, in particular.

I’m scattering my thoughts a little too far now. It should be simpler than this. I need to get more work done at work, which means timeboxing, and I need to timebox with different environments. I’ve said this for months and months, but I’ve never gotten around to doing it. Why? Do I think it’s silly? A little bit, but nobody will care if it means I get more work done. Also people seem to have their own little patterns and habits. I can do the same. I should. I’ll do that today.

Now I'm at work. I have an hour before lunch. I should get one decent thing done before I have lunch. I need to break my day up more. This is a real chance, a real opportunity, and it's the only one I get right now. There is no guarantee that tomorrow will happen, and I have a long history of data points that reveal to me that I should take each day as it comes, each minute as it comes.

I have a hundred words to go. Let's attempt to summarize... a change in environment (and then a reversion to the previous environment!) reveals to me that my behavior is far more affected by environment than I dare to admit. So I should change my environment frequently. Concrete steps? I'm going to work in the meeting room after lunch, because I can. Or at the desks at the end. Whatever it is... my main task for today is to change my environment. Let's go.
As long as I’m writing everyday, as long as I have this output, I get to enjoy my life as I’m in it. I get to keep going. I get to keep smiling. Just as the body needs some exercise and exhaustion in order to feel satisfied– some sweat, some elevated heartbeat, some endorphins– it feels like my mind needs some strenuous exertion. Acute, not chronic. One quick, sharp execution. Lots of data pouring out all at once. And then I can take a short break and catch my breath. And I can start over.

Ultimately the intent is to be happy IN my life, not just WITH it. And to do that I need to have gotten stuff done. I need to cut ropes, break things open, and really feel like I’m breathing deeply into the good stuff. Once I do that, I don’t have to be annoyed or frustrated with other people’s nonsense. I know that it may or may not be nonsense, and one of the things that bothers me about my frustration is that I don't even know if it's justified. There's always a chance that I could be entirely wrong, that I'm missing things, that I'm the alien in the world that makes sense. But I think there have been quite a lot of smart, hardworking people who've discerned that the world is pretty freaking crazy.

So I need to know how to operate in a crazy world. This is what this vomit is about. How do I figure out how to operate in a crazy world? I will not be able to protect myself against crazy, and I'd like to occasionally enjoy good crazy so I can't entirely be cloistered. I know that I don't need a perfect one-size-fits-all solution that works for the rest of my life, for all possible things. That's kind of ridiculous. But there are first principles that make sense, that allow us to think about what to do. And I'm sure all of this is stuff that wise folks have been figuring out for thousands of years. Benjamin Franklin clearly understood it. Seneca clearly understood it. I've done quite a bit of that reading, I think, and I accept the validity of their statements– I nod my head as I read them. But I haven't yet figured out how to put them into practice.

Ah, implementation. Wrote about this with the adoption of Esperanto. Knowing the name of a thing, and accepting the validity of the idea of a thing, is a whole other beast from figuring out how to make it work, how to get yourself to actually go ahead with it. The lady who draws Hyperbole and a Half is really smart, and she wasn't able to do it. Tim Urban is clearly really smart too, and he also talks about how he struggles to do it. Clearly, doing is a sort of intelligence that is quite substantially different from knowing. Know-how is different from know-what.

Okay. So this bird needs to learn how to fly instead of trying to learn how to lecture on aerodynamics. The first steps are always to pay attention to actual flight. What is flight for me, and what is the aerodynamics lecture? And how do I focus on the flight? And how do I measure the flight? And what does the flight tell me? For me I suppose it's writing– for my personal life. And for work... it seems like I still haven't entirely fleshed that stuff out. I've been procrastinating the whole time. And I will probably continue to procrastinate, as painful and suboptimal as that sounds. The point is to make progress. Each thing published is progress. I just need to do debriefs and lessons learned. I didn't do a debrief last night. So I'll quickly do that now, in my notebook. And then it's lunch, and work.
Yesterday evening I did something for the first time– I gave an hour-and-a-half lecture to a group of students at SMU about ecommerce marketing. I've always been alright-ish at presentations, maybe better than the average person but less good than the average presenter. I think I have very high standards and expect a certain excellence, and get frustrated when I fall short of that excellence. [1]

The last time I felt this sort of anxiety and nausea was when I was doing standup comedy for the first time. Boy, I was really anxious then. It turned out pretty well, I thought of something clever to say about the act before me and I made fun of the host in a pleasant way. I didn't know how to end it well, but I had already won the crowd so they just laughed anyway. I think the same thing happened with my lecture– I started a little sloppy, won them over with my earnestness and intensity (the lecturer said I was "very animated!" and the TA said that it was nice that I spoke about my own experiences rather than just the subject matter, and that they could relate to it better). I think that's progress. [2]

And it was sweet, sweet bliss to step outside of the venue afterwards and feel the "I did it!" feeling. I had conquered a litle fear. I had felt for myself that fear is temporary, it is imagined, and it can be overcome.

The challenge for me now is to learn to apply that knowledge and understanding across domains. That it's really quite possible to just slam into things head on and get better at them. I keep TALKING about this. Sometimes I don't even talk about it, which is when I'm in the fog. So the reason I keep writing is to at least stave off the fog. As long as I'm reflecting on each day, as long as I'm writing everyday, I know that I'm at least keeping some awareness in my consciousness. I will want to expand that practice, I will want to be more mindful minute by minute, day by day.

So... what's next? Should I make more commitments? I was thinking that it felt really good to travel, and that it would be really nice to plan a trip significantly in advance. just sort of frames things, adds boundaries... I was talking about how structures and boundaries are really important, because without them I tend to fall into this endless cycle of ennui. I need to have hard deadlines that I can't escape, that I can't control. Yesterday I had a hard deadline– the students were going to be there and I had to have a presentation ready by the time I was in there. What I had wasn't perfect, but I'm not sure it would even have gotten done if not for the hard deadline. In fact, it was originally supposed to be done a week earlier.... clearly I'm doing something very stupid with my life because I'm allowing all these far away things to stay invisible until it's too late. I need to bring them all up right to my face and be accountable to someone about doing them, and then get them done.

Any further thoughts? I guess I realize that I like helping people, I like connecting with people, and now that this is over I can start focusing on my daily exercise and I can and should reach out to people and sync up with them about drinks and food and so on. And I want to remind myself that the most important thing is for me to ask questions, and to listen, because I don't really learn anything by confirming what I already think I know. I only learn by asking questions and teasing out what OTHERS know, and then using that to challenge what I thought I knew.

I've chosen to largely stay silent about Lee Kuan Yew, even though a year or so ago I was hoping to write some really good stuff about him and his legacy and the implications and all of that. But looking at what people are saying now, I realize that it's not necessary. People have that stuff covered. There are a lot of smart, articulate people who are figuring out what needs to be said, and they're saying it. There's correspondingly a bunch of people who are kinda silly and odd, and they're saying things that don't make any sense, that aren't grounded in any sort of reality... and I allow myself to get frustrated with them. Really, IF I were to be frustrated with anybody I ought to be frustrated with myself. But then it becomes clear that frustration is not a sustainable strategy. Rather, I should approach things with love and understanding and try to figure out what's stopping me. It might be inertia. We'll shower and have lunch and then figure it out.

[1] Although to be fair, I enjoy not-so-polished speeches by people who are really good with their subject matter– Elon Musk, for example, isn't a master of Public Speaking, but he's very engaging and entertaining despite his ums and ahs– even arguably BECAUSE of his ums and ahs. It's endearing. You have to be a little suspicious of people who might be excessively polished. Or maybe that's just my self-defensive insecurities talking.

[2] I also gave a couple of other talks before about content marketing– one was received really well even though it was messy. For the other, I had a skeptical heckler type in the audience– and apparently he was that way with everyone else, so I don't know what was up with that guy. Either way, each public performance like this helps me feel less and less like a fraud. I find myself responding to queries with anecdotes and examples that I've collected over the years, so I'm not entirely grasping at straws.... though I am more aware now of all the things that I am not so aware of.
One of my goals for this word vomit project is to develop a more elegant, structured sense of my own mind and my own thinking. I knew that the first step was simply to write as much as I possibly could.

Along the way I realised that I needed better bookkeeping, and I ought to try and summarise and compress some of my ideas. Recently I realised that I ought to tag my vomits meticulously so that I could pay attention to the general trends and patterns in my thinking. (I’ve started that.)

In the shower earlier I realised that I ought to also have a glossary of the main ideas, of things that I tend to reference and write about.

Here they are.

Antifragility:

courtesy of Nassim Taleb. Some things are fragile in the sense that they lose from disorder. Some things are robust to disorder– they remain the same. Other things are antifragile, meaning they BENEFIT from disorder. The future is highly unpredictable– the world is large, so unlikely things happen everyday. Rather than try to predict the future (“We had no idea that there was going to be an economic crisis this year”), we ought to systematically remove fragility from our lives– and ideally introduce antifragility.

Abitrary Configurations Of Reality:

he realisation that almost everything around us is the way it is for largely arbitrary reasons. There are some hard physical limitations (the realm of physics– even that gets revised every so often, with a better understanding of levers, hydraulics, electromagnetism, etc.), but beyond that most things are really random and don’t have any “ultimate" reason for being the way they are.

It’s easy to come up with hindsight rationalisation that explains why things are the way they are, but that’s just explaining one arbitrary configuration of reality. Everything could easily be completely different. Who you are, where you live, who your friends are, what you care about– all of these things were, in a sense, chosen for you by forces beyond your control, even beyond your perception.

Bullshit breaks down at the boundaries:

Bullshit is anything that sounds plausible but has been untested by reality. Ribbon farm has a few good definitions– “noise that has been arbitrarily tagged with truth-values to give it apparent legibility”, “data that appears to contain more information than it actually does”. Bullshit is an indulgence that we can only afford when we don’t have skin in the game.

You can bullshit your way through a lot of things if you’re in a safe environment that allows it (school, massive companies, etc). Internet forums are full of bullshit, small groups of friends are full of bullshit. Individuals who are safe and comfortable are also likely to be full of bullshit. I know I am. My beliefs about what is possible, what is not possible, what I ought to do with my life, etc– not only are these arbitrary configurations, they are likely to be hindsight-rationalised.

Bullshit gets called out and breaks down when you’re required to perform. (Even then some masters of bullshit find ways to rationalise that away– see Oglaf’s Delusionist.)

This isn’t nearly as precise as I’d like to be. I think there’s deliberate bullshit (you know that you’re being indifferent/vague) and there’s ignorant bullshit (you don’t even realize that your views are too vague to actually be useful at crunch-time.) See also– Truthiness, when something sounds and looks and feels true without necessarily actually being true.

Bundle of Neutrons:

Thoughts remixed from Lewis Thomas, Vilayanur Ramachandran and others. See also: Meatbag. The idea here is that everything I am is a function of a bundle of neurons in my body. We have mirror neurons that fire when we see other people doing things. In a sense, all of humanity is a vast network of neurons. There’s something rather calming about this realisation.

Complexity:

A state where a system of objects have many interrelated relationships, such that a change in one or a few elements can lead to all sorts of complications. Procrastination, for example, is mildly complex because it involves 4 moving parts (see: the procrastination equation).

Managing complexity requires more than just blunt practice– it’s unlikely that you’ll figure out how to manage 4 moving interrelated parts just by random chance. Rather, you have to really break things down into their components and understand all of the causal relationships. Trial and error helps, but it has to be systematic.

That’s for mildly complex. There are many things in the world that are so complex, it’s almost impossible to intervene and control. The global economy, for instance. It makes more sense to focus on being robust or antifragile.

Context is powerful:

The fastest way to change your behaviour is to change your context.

Deep Signalling:

If we’re being abstract we can describe the universe as patterns of information. All people are patterns, dances of space-time. Whirlpools, vortexes. Signalling is how we communicate. Through words, yes, but also through actions, emotions. Deep signalling is contrasted from superficial signalling– it's much more expensive/costly, and so it's also much more persuasive.

Deep signalling is what you get when you put in a lot of work into something, so that you're able to do it with intense confidence– more than just pep-talk confidence, but a real, "I truly believe it beyond a fragment of a doubt" confidence.

Everything Is A Remix:

Idea expressed in a video series by Kirby Ferguson. This was really profound for me. It reinforced my conviction that doing word vomits is a good idea, and it catalysed my decision to unfriend everybody on social media.

If everything is a remix then a good life comes from quality input + prolific output, without too much Premature Optimisation (below.)

Freedom Requires Violence:

Also known as Creative Destruction. If you want to make an omelette, you have to crack a few eggs. I feel like this is understood very well in some domains, but barely at all in others. All progress requires some sort of destruction. You have to give up who you are right now in order to become who you want to be.

Games:

There are many different ways of talking about games. I think the main thing for me is that games are fun and interesting, and a lot of real life isn’t nearly as fun and interesting as it ought to be. This is primarily a matter of design. I’d like to redesign my life so it’s more fun and meaningful.

Oh yeah– there’s this notion that game = trivial. That’s just one class of game. The pursuit of the profound is a kind of game as well. A game is anything with an agent and some sort of objective, arguably even if the objective is no-objective. See: Arbitrary Configurations Of Reality

Insight Porn:

When we try to come up with things that sound good so we feel good. Sometimes these insights are useful and applicable, sometimes they’re bullshit. Even when useful, insight pornographers are probably defined by our tendency to make more insight porn rather than act upon it.

Keep Your Identity Small:

Courtesy of Paul Graham. It takes a lot of energy to maintain appearances– not just performing them for others on social media, but even inside your own head. Calling yourself a Republican, Democrat, etc, is limiting. Where possible, kill aspects of your identity that don’t have any utility. Question everything.

Map Is Not The Territory:

Our models of reality are not reality. They are necessarily incomplete. Overreliance on models– particularly without failsafes, without the built-in assumption that these models are wrong– lead to blowups that can be intensely damaging.

Meatbag Management:

As humans I think it’s important for us to realise that we are, before anything else, bags of chemicals. We’re a bundle of neurons that need to be supported by all the meat scaffolding.

We often underestimate how important it is to exercise, to sleep well, to eat healthily, and so on. These things usually improve our quality of life far more than any intellectual pursuit.

More is Different:

I think I first read about this in Tor Norretrander’s The User Illusion. As something increases in quantity, it begins to exhibit qualitative differences. I’m starting to feel this for myself with my word vomits.

Narrativization / Narrativistic Bullshit:

The realisation that humans are natural storytellers, story-crafting machines. We think in terms of story. Story helps us survive. The problem is that stories oversimplify.

We create stories that feel and sound good, not necessarily stories that are accurate and valid (correspond to reality.)

Overview Effect:

The profound experience that astronauts have when they look upon the Earth from outer space, being forcefully made aware of the fleetingness, preciousness and the interconnectedness of all things. Something I’d really like to experience.

I wonder if there’s a distinction between the conceptual intellectual realization of this truth, and seeing it for yourself, with your own body suspended in space. I think there must be, if at least because of the way our subconscious works. (See: Deep Signalling, Subconscious Audience)

Plausible deniability:

One of the most important skills anybody needs to develop as a social creature. As far as I can remember, nobody really taught me this. My parents didn’t teach me, my teachers didn’t teach me, even my peers didn’t really clue me into this.

You learn it by noticing, and then trying, and then realizing there's this rich world that nobody tells you about.

Premature Optimization:

What happens when we try to do something that seems great within a narrow set of circumstances, but may have adverse effects or simply be suboptimal in a broader set of circumstances. The pursuit of local optima.

Procrastination Equation:

by Steel Piers. A model for making sense of procrastination by breaking it down into Expectancy, Value, Impulsiveness, Delay.

Reality:

that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn’t go away. See: Bullshit breaks at the boundaries

Saboteur-bum:

Remixed from Robin Sharma. Also similar to  Seth Godin’s Lizard Brain, and Stephen Pressfield’s The Resistance. The saboteur-lizard-resistance-bum is my oldest friend, deep inside my head, who I’m still struggling to defeat every day.

Turns out you can’t just win overnight– the saboteur-bum is more patient than you. He is persistent. He will come back every single day.

Searching Under Streetlights:

Joke: A drunkard is on his hands and knees under a streetlight. A passer-by asks, what are you looking for? “I dropped my keys,” he answered. The passer-by helps him look for a while, before asking, “Are you sure you lost it here?” He says, “No, I lost it over there by the bushes, but there’s better lighting over here.”

While funny when framed like this, in reality it’s quite easy to fall into the same trap. Very often when we’re trapped in a problem, the solution lies outside of the space that we’re in. But we hesitate or neglect to leave it. Case in point– doing things like wasting time on the Internet trying to figure out how to stop wasting time on the Internet.

Subconscious Audience:

“You’re only cheating yourself!” “God is always watching.” I was never very persuaded by either of those ideas when expressed that way. But rephrased– “you’re conditioning your subconscious to expect things to be a certain way”, “your subconscious is always watching.” The idea here is that your subconscious is vastly more powerful than you– that 95-99% of existence is really quite subconscious.

It’s like an elephant and a rider. (Courtesy of Dan and Chip Heath.) A lot of life is about learning to work with your subconscious, about persuading and leading your subconscious. This is no mild effort– the subconscious sees through your bullshit and is very, very difficult to impress. Harder than most other people, really. See also: Deep Signalling.

Talk Is Costly:

Talk is cheap to produce, and doesn’t have very much value if it’s not attached to skin in the game. It takes up valuable time and effort to parse, process and react to. As someone once said, the amount of energy required to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude larger than the amount needed to produce it.

Talk less. Do more. (Writing is a bit of a middle ground. It depends on who you’re writing for, why you’re writing, what you’re writing… etc.)

Vague to Precise:

Courtesy of Bertrand Russell. Everything we say or think is vague to a degree we do not realise until we attempt to make it precise, and everything precise is so remote from what we normally say or think, that we cannot for a moment suppose that what we say is what we mean. Or that we know what we mean. See also: Map is not the territory

Welcome To The Circus:

Life is absurd. We’re all clowns amusing ourselves while staring into the bleak abyss of death. We’re also delightful patterns of time and space, expressions of color and light. But mostly we’re clowns dicking around, lost and confused and unsure. The result is a lot of banging and clanging and lots of weird, crazy outcomes.

What does "really rather be doing" mean? It's all chemicals in the brain, after all, and it's all varying degrees of validation. So I suppose "really rather be doing" is simply anything that helps with deep signalling. A single post that gets a bunch of likes and shares because it's clever and witty isn't nearly as fulfilling as building more fundamental skills... am I entering a pointless rabbithole here?

I want to be happy. And I feel like the things I've been doing to pursue happiness have been rather limited and superficial. I spend a lot of time in the dark playground and in mixed feelings park, when really I want to experience flow, and I want to be in the good playground. I want to be deeply valuable to people, I want to improve people's lives. I want to be a good friend who is deeply helpful. I've spent a long time away from all my friends, from all the people I cared about or thought I cared about. I miss a lot of them right now, although it's entirely possible (and likely!) that if I get into my old routines, I will get annoyed and frustrated with myself all over again by distracting myself from the things that I want to do.

So what DO I want to do? I want to be financially independent. I want to cook. I want to be fit. I want to be healthy. I want to sleep well. I want to be at the cutting edge of interesting things, I want to be a part of dragging the future into the present. Yes.

What's stopping me? Why do I not feel like "today was a good day"? Because I avoid the biggest and most difficult tasks ahead of me and focus on doing petty busywork instead. Okay. What do I need to do to make progress on the difficult tasks? I need to break them down, answer the questions of why I've been avoiding them, and then just freaking do it. There's more...

I was reading Dale Carnegie's how to win friends and he wrote about the importance of giving people what they want– if you want somebody to do something for you, you can't be all about your needs– you have to show them how you're helping THEM. How THEY are going to benefit, why THEY are awesome.

How does this apply to self-talk? How does this apply to dealing with your own akrasia and procrastination? I think another recurring thought/thread for me is this idea that I keep bashing against the same hard part of the brick wall, when really I should be hitting at the softer bricks. The hard part of the brick wall in this case is the language and self-talk that I've inherited– that I just need to be less lazy, that I'm such a lazy person who needs to wake up... but clearly that isn't working, so clearly I need an alternate approach.

What is this alternate approach that I've been avoiding? What do I want, deeply, and how do I align my language and thoughts and structures and actions so that I feel more compelled to do the things that I know I should do but I have been avoiding? It might be about value. Maybe I'm not sufficiently modelling the end-state that I will achieve by doing that. The happiness I will feel at having done it, how proud I will be. How satisfied.

Okay. Why do I keep looking for things outside of work, outside of the projects that I've committed myself to? That's an easy one– because the work I have ahead of me is hard, and my natural inclination– or my conditioned inclination– is try to avoid doing hard things. I need to change that. So this is me realizing that the solution is to walk right into the fear, to go right into doing the thing that I'm avoiding doing because I'm scared. Let's do scary hard things everyday. Maybe if I use that language things will be better. Every day I need to do a scary hard thing. I know that scary hard things are worth doing. I loved having done standup comedy, I love having given a lecture to a bunch of University students, and I love having cooked chicken. I enjoy the fact that I walked 10km with my wife a few nights ago.

So I suppose all in all I should try and change my inclination from liking validation– getting likes and shares for doing things that come easy to me– to feeling really good when I do something that's a little bit difficult, a little bit scary. That's also a kind of validation, but it's a better kind of validation because it's tied to me leaving my comfort zone. And all personal growth happens outside the comfort zone. And as long as I'm growing and learning, I can't be sitting around getting anxious and frustrated with myself for wasting my life.

I think that works. I think that's good enough for now. I think it's time to get to work.

I have been trying for years now to solve a problem (or set of problems) that I have not been able to adequately define. There a a set of questions that seem relevant to this problem.

What is keeping me from being happy, healthy, fulfilled?
Why do I not wake up raring to go, to confront the day? (Prospect of painful, unfulfilled obligations, usually.)
Why am I often reluctant to go to bed? (Feels like I haven’t done enough, haven’t done the day justice.)
Why have I not been able to keep to a stable exercise routine? (Feels underwhelming, maybe. No external, environmental stimuli, maybe.)
Why do I not seem to be able to keep a group of friends that I find stimulating? (For the most part, most of the friends from my childhood were inherited through proximity, propinquity, happenstance. I should CHOOSE friends, and ask them out.)
Why do I not enjoy my work when I recognise that it is a joy and privilege?
If I do have ADHD, why have I been unable to remedy it?
Why do I seem to be running out of things to write?
Why have I not modified my environments to suit me better? (I don’t know for sure what exactly will be better, and so I need to experiment randomly, and I worry that the early experiments will look silly and stupid to anybody else around me. I worry about peer judgement.)
Why am I struggling for so long with procrastination, laziness, work-aversion?
Why do I not seem to be able to confront my fears and demons at a more regular, face-to-face level?
If I am afraid, what am I really afraid of, exactly?
If I’m not afraid, what am I waiting for, exactly?

I know that purpose will not mystically fall out of the sky. I know that to experience flow, mastery, autonomy, purpose and all of that good stuff, I first need to struggle. I need to put in the work.

Put in what work, into where? What am I supposed to work on?

What is the struggle that I must undertake? [1]

What is the central problem of my life, and how do I solve it? [2]

One way of framing the central problem, I feel, is a lack of meaningful/valuable output. I had some segment of this figured out at some point– thanks to Quora and the SG blogosphere and my friends who supported my writing– I figured out that my job and goal and role is writing. I’m a writer, that is my vocation.

That’s why I came up with the idea of writing 1000 vomits. I realised at some point that the sheer volume would give me what endless deliberation would never be able to– refinement of craft.

But after 270,000+ words, I started to flounder. (Maybe I’ve floundered several times in the past, but this one feels a bit more… oomphy?). It started to feel like I had written myself into a corner. I have said most of everything that I’m comfortable saying to the general public, which means self-censoring the hurtful, gratuitous stuff that only damages others. That’s fine by me right now, though a part of me does suspect that there’s a killer story in there somewhere….

But still, I don’t feel ready to write novels and stories. [3]

I’m still clueless and there is a lot of reading I must do, many movies I have to watch, albums I have to listen to.

Well, why haven’t I done all those things? There are mundane things like the fact that I don’t sleep very well. I’m making a half-hearted effort to change that, by writing on pen and paper before going to bed instead of going online.

But that feels like a symptom, not the disease. What is the disease?

It might be this– I have not yet figured out properly how I ought to allocate my resources in the long run, outside of these vomits (and even in these vomits… it feels like my decision is stated strongly but executed half-heartedly. I allow myself to let these things slip.)

I have not decisively chosen, and so I play this rather tragic waiting game, allowing my cognitive resources to burn out slowly through a thousand cuts rather than apply myself forcefully in any direction that might fail.

After many months (years? a lifetime?) I find myself thinking (again) that enough is enough (again). That I have suffered enough fictional pain and deaths. It’s time to decide.

What is the decision? “How should I spend my time.” What is the single most important thing that I ought to be doing?

The answer is schlep work. Glorious, laborious schlep work. I am a content labourer. Just as a regular labourer takes pleasure– is entitled to nothing else!–in his labor, I have to find pleasure in creating output for work. Many many bricks of work.

And I’m not talking about my personal word vomits anymore. This is something I will continue as time goes on, and eventually it will be completed and I will learn and grow and change along the way. But this alone is not enough. It’s like meeting the same friends after school or work every single day. After a while you have nothing new to say and you’re just keeping each other company and trying to make each other (and yourselves, by extension) feel better. Cooperative delusion.

That’s what these vomits are, in a sense. I get better at writing myself into a personal delusion. That's something I need to avoid.

[1] At least, I think to myself, I’ve finally acknowledged that a struggle is necessary. That life without struggle is boring, painful, tedious, frustrating… it’s purgatory. But I haven’t gotten around to actually struggling.

[2] (Is it really simply a matter of meditation, exercise? Would that alone be able to solve the problem? If so, why haven’t I gotten around to it? Should I really just get into a deal with somebody who becomes my commitment buddy– would that really make a difference? If so, why haven’t I gotten around to trying it?)

[3] And Ray Bradbury didn’t write Farenheit 451 until he was 30, anyway. He suggested writing short stories instead, one every week. Maybe I should do that. I’m trying to do to much all at once. This is a recurring thing for me.

The only way out of a delusion is to test things against reality. So I have to test things against reality. So a natural outcome of the process of this writing is a firmer realisation that I need to be publishing a lot of work for work, just as I am doing these vomits.

I’m talking about the boring, schleppy work of content marketing that I have been putting off day after day because it’s not very exciting in the beginning, it’s a bit painful, a bit scary.

Why do I put it off? Maybe because I haven’t been entirely clear about why I’m doing what I’m doing. I feel like I had some vague reasons at the start– but I’m no longer satisfied with these naive, save-the-world narratives that I had come up with when I was a teenager. That was really a convenient fiction that came up with, BS that kept me going when all I had to do was stay alive, avoid school, avoid military obligations, avoid basically anything that I felt was repressive, oppressive. [1]

Clearly, this isn’t sustainable. Eventually the world moves on– the world keeps turning, the stars keep burning and I have wasted another day– anxious, miserable, upset.

I halfheartedly, naively hope that the next day will be better. (Just as my father used to hope that he would strike 4D the next time.) In my hearts of hearts I know that this is not the case– that it’s vanishingly unlikely that the outcome will change. I’m running the some pattern, running out the same clock of my existence.

I don’t know if I can confidently say that I will always have this much to write. Intellectually, yes, but realistically, I have no idea, no certainty. I have faith, but it’s not exactly a well-placed faith.

Sometimes the dam breaks and I just keep going like a jungle river. Sometimes I get stuck and I really don’t have anything to contribute beyond silence – – – and really that’s quite okay too, and I should learn to be okay with that.

But in the meantime, what? I know that I have to work, toil, labor, sweat. And I’m pretty certain that I have to pick one thing above all other things, and everything else has to be in service of that primary goal, or secondary to it. I have learnt all too painfully and all too slowly that I cannot multitask, I cannot attempt to do many different things at once.

Multitasking is really  just my way of saying– I don’t think I can finish any of these tasks, because I don’t really know where I’m going with them, so if I’m going nowhere, I might as well go to as many nowheres as possible, all at once. That way I get to cover more ground. Unfortunately, it never ends. It would make sense if there was a limited amount of nowhere to go, but nowhere is infinite.

There is no end in sight and I am personally quite exhausted, just like my poor Mayor in Simcity who overexerted himself building roads all over the terrain– with no citizens or businesses to tax and earn revenue from. The upkeep of the roads would drive me into bankruptcy and I would be ousted.

And I would start the cycle all over again, naively hoping that things would be different this time.

So what then? I know that personal development, in the abstract sense, overthinking right now, in this entire train of thought.
The problem with Getting Things Done (GTD) – for me, at least– is that you have to know what you want to do. You have to believe that it’s worth doing. [1]

And a part of me has been conditioned– or perhaps this part of me predates any conditioning, perhaps I’ve always been like this– a part of me always goes, “… Nah. I won’t do it.” It doesn’t respond to reason. [2] It is obstinate. It enjoys resisting. It enjoys being defiant. It exalts itself in being a sort of weird martyr.

Some people climb mountains and run marathons to find out their limits. I have a person inside me who wants to practice extreme work aversion, to see how far I can go. Who will stick around when you’ve utterly failed, over and over again? Everybody will give up eventually, even your own loved ones and your closest friends. And then you will be free. Free from obligations and deadlines and expectations. Nobody to answer to. Nobody to please. That’s kind of the dream. [3]

Paul Graham described how Facebook runs Mark Zuckerberg just as much as Mark Zuckerberg runs Facebook, if not more so. Sure, theoretically he could quit at any time, just as theoretically anybody could kill a stranger, or cheat on their spouse, or get a divorce, or run away and decide to be a yogi in the mountains. Anybody could. Yet these things aren’t very likely, they don’t happen very much.

There’s something scary about that– Zuck as Facebook, LKY as Singapore– there’s a certain sense of servitude.

And yet I am absolutely in no way better off. I am bound and chained myself, to my own mind, my own thinking, my own impulses, my own fears. And I have to break free from that, I feel, if I want to feel a sense of “true” (or truer, at least) freedom and pleasure and joy in life.

Meditation is part of the answer, but that’s not the whole thing. [4] Meditation calms the mind and allows bullshit to settle, disperse. Exercise achieves that too. The end goal of both, as far as they have end goals (and in a sense they don’t– they’re ends in themselves, the goal of infinite games is to keep playing) is to dissolve bullshit and discover “yourself”, discover some sort of Interesting.

So I suppose if Zuck and LKY figured out that they’re doing what they want (wanted, RIP LKY) to do, then it’s no longer stifling. It’s a glorious surrender. There’s a joy and freedom in surrendering to something greater than yourself that you believe in, that you’re fundamentally committed to. That gives your life a sense of meaning and purpose. A sense is really all you get, because existence itself is fundamentally absurd. Still, pleasure is pleasure, joy is joy, and I have been experiencing mine in a very shallow, haphazard and unsustainable way. [5]

But I have no aspirations beyond what great men and women had aspired towards and settled for throughout human history. Victor Frankl, Seneca, modern day Elon Musk, Stephen Hawking, Neil Tyson– these people have thought about this problem longer, harder and better than I have, and I will be more than satisfied to settle for an answer, solution or approach that seems to mirror theirs. I can’t simply adopt one of theirs wholesale, but they are all similar in some ways, and I need to find my own path to that ideaspace.

Serve, contribute, learn, grow, challenge yourself. That seems to be about as good as it gets. Ruminating further is a needless indulgence that I can’t afford right now– maybe I can fiddle with it in my old age, but really I think even then it would strike me as an unnecessary waste of time. It’s an intrinsically unsolvable problem, and trying to solve it seems to just make you unhappy and frustrated and anxious. You might write some really articulate neurotic novels that other really articulate, neurotic people enjoy, but is that really what you want out of life?

So– what am I to practice, serve, create? I need to start by reevaluating my own status– my present status. My skills, insights, perspectives. I also have the messy business of existence to worry about (which I sometimes frame as a separate thing that needs to be taken care of, and sometimes acknowledge as the central thing from which everything else should emanate– both lenses are interesting) – bills, the mortgage, food and such.

But really... it all boils down to my output. What I'm shipping. If I'm shipping, I'm good. If I'm not, something is wrong and needs to change. The publish button is the canary in the coalmine. It might mean I need to sleep earlier, eat better, meet friends, whatever. Just keep shippin'.

To address the title of the post– the problem with getting things done is that you need to want to get things done, and you need to believe that it's worth doing, and you need to see how it helps you, and how it's better than not-doing it, and even after all of that... you have to decide that that's better than the alternative. And when somebody says "Yeah... I don't know," to that, people tend to say, "Oh, change your lifestyle, change your career, find something you truly love, get medication"– all of which are... I don't know, somewhat dismissive.

I don't know. I gotta think about it more. And I gotta do more stuff. I suppose just bringing it in front of my attention resolves most of it.

[1] I suppose my problem is that I don’t know what I believe in any more. So I should maybe start there. Take stock again. What do I still know as a sure thing? What do I still want? What am I now disillusioned with? Once you strip away all the bullshit, there is freedom. That I am pretty sure of.

[2] Hyperbole and a Half has a great comic about this. She isn’t quite able to resolve it. I hope I will be able to do it someday– more than hope, I have to take actions towards figuring it out. WaitButWhy covers similar territory. I’ve read it, nodded my head, and found myself struggling to do anything about it anyway. It seems like that final leap is something every person needs to take entirely by themselves, and you can't even talk about it with other people– because the act of talking is almost always a distraction from doing what you know you ought to be doing.

[3] As I revisit this I recognise this as naive hopefulness. There will always be things to live up to. There will always be people and larger/broader forces to be accountable to. The exception is living in the wilderness outright, and people have tried and failed in that regard, and… that fiction isn’t nearly as fulfilling as my saboteur wishes it would be. So there’s no choice but to wake up to reality and recognise that it will always be like this to some degree, and it’s better to work hard and get better and stronger at dealing with this, than to try and avoid it.

[4] Well– it depends on how you frame it, and what you mean by what you’re saying, but I’m not here to play Game of Semantics.

[5] When I say sustainable, I mean over the course of a human lifetime or two– nothing is sustainable indefinitely. The heat death will claim us all.

There's a nice line from Power of Now [1] about how– if you haven't figured out your internal purpose, then no amount of external planning and motivation will fulfill you. You're just running faster and faster in a hamster wheel, maybe. It gets exhausting. And I feel like I've been experiencing some of this exhaustion. It's got nothing to do with my working environment or my colleagues, all of that is wonderful. It's entirely to do with the interiority of my mind, of my self. I haven't taken time for myself to figure out where I'm at, to figure out what I care about, what I no longer care about, what I really really want. Maybe I've been a little afraid to confront this.

Though as I say this I recognize a sort of loop– I'm comfortable saying "maybe I'm a little afraid", because I've done it many times before. What is the next step, and why have I never taken it? I think the next step is to measure my efforts and to take efforts and to preempt failure and to build a body of work that is measured, accounted for. I tend to shirk accountability. So I need to become more accountable. I was reading something from Psychological Self Help which talked about the crap-gap– about how some people are motivated to fail, because deep down they're afraid of more responsibility and accountability. As long as you keep failing within a specific domain, you won't be given more responsibility, where you might then fail within a larger domain and embarass yourself or disappoint people.

But whenever you write this down it's going to look really silly, self-imposed, overblown. In the light of consciousness, it's clear that the animals in my head are naked and weak. It's only in the fog when they seem powerful and imposing, and I bend to their will. I want to be careful to avoid making dramatic gestures like "This time it will be different! I am going to make a change around here!" – clearly this sort of thing doesn't work in an organization or company– I'm reminded of the 2nd-Lieutenant who took over Supply Coy when I was in the Army, and his big machismo speeches were insensitive and frustrating to the team, and they ended up resenting him for it– one of them even challenged him to a fight and beat him up, I believe.

You can't play chicken with people who have nothing to lose. I suppose the same thing applies inside my own head. I am responsible for a team of frightened, scared, nervous, anxious little fellas inside my head, and I've been shouting over them, making promises on their behalf without consulting them. Very bad management. What I should be really doing is listening to myself without judgement, without making these broad projections or proclamations about how things should be, how things are going to be. All I can do right now is commit to listening.

So that's what I care about. I don't want to jump through any stupid hoops that I set for myself– I have enough hoops created for me by the world that I live in. (And life and growing up inescapably involves responsibility– what I need isn't to avoid it, what I need is to grow and develop into a person for whom being responsible is easy. That's a possibility that I still haven't fully wrapped my head around, that I still haven't grasped as possible. That it's possible to have fun without shirking responsibility. That I can do my work, and that I can do what is asked/expected of me, and I can do it well, early on, and then have fun. That I can do my homework and then have time to play afterwards.

Why do the homework when you can just play right away? Because life is long and things get substantially worse if you don't develop the skills you'll need to get things done despite minor unpleasantness. If today was the only day that you had, then by all means– fuck the homework. Just play. But there is tomorrow, there is next month, there is next year, and presumably there is next decade and the decades that follow– each with diminishing probablility of materializing, but still. You can't just live minute by minute– you live IN the present, but that still considers the broader sense of things.

[1] Which is a remarkably pleasurable read, and puts me in a nice headspace whenever I pick it up and flick through it– I should learn to do this with other books that achieve the same effect. Predatory Thinking, something by Seth Godin– things that just catalyze thoughts.
Well that last post was kind of messy and tried to say a whole bunch of things all at once, which I thought was a bit of a backward step. Maybe I'll try again. I've been thinking lately about how I don't feel as happy or fulfilled as I'd like to feel. I don't seem to be putting in the work and effort that I think I feel I ought to be putting in. My present feels messy– first of all there are probably too many moving parts, and worse, many of the connections now seem suspect.
 
I'm not sure if starting from scratch is necessarily the best way to do things, though I will attempt to do it as part of my way of dealing with this whole situation.
 
Okay, let's do that then. Basically, I've come to the realization that most of what I think I know about most things is suspect and full of crap. Everything is coated in a thick layer of narrativistic bullshit and I really can't trust myself with almost anything I say about almost anything I think about. This is so pervasive that it does make sense at long last to discard everything and ask myself what I know for sure. (The act of starting over is something my boss told me he did– but I never really understood before what motivated him to do it, what got him around to doing it. I'm not sure if I understand any better, but I'm starting to have my own reasons for attempting this for myself.)
 
So. What do I know for sure? Yeah, everything is made up of relationships between things– there are causes and effects. And the human is basically a network of neurons that desires pleasure. Everything we do is in some way to feel good by releasing chemicals in the brain. That's why we smoke cigarettes, why we post things on Instagram that get likes, why we argue on the internet, why we do science, etc. Some things are good in a sustainable (over a lifespan) way, some things feel good in the short run but are damaging in the long run (over a lifespan). Ultimately everyone dies, so this experience of reality is finite.
 
Sure, all of those things make sense but what... do I want? Who am I? I am a bundle of neurons, a pattern in space-time exploring itself, exploring its surroundings. What does this pattern want? What makes this pattern feel good in a sustainable way, and why does this pattern care about being sustainable at all?
 
I reflect on a moment of realization and insight I had from a few months ago.... from what I remember, I don't really care so much for being sustainable as I care about experiencing range of motion. I want to feel big and wide and expansive. I want to run and dance and be free in movement. I want to feel the groove, I want to be with the music. There's a sense of vibration, I suppose, over being stiff. A sense of learning and growth.
 
Ah, yes. As long as I'm learning and as long as I'm growing, and I'm being able to make more of an impact on my surroundings, appreciate things more blissfully, I think I'm doing good. I just want to have a good time without feeling guilty and irresponsible, without feeling like I'm taking advantage of people, without being a burden. Why? Those seem to be social wirings in the brain, maybe. So there are competing interests inside my bundle of neurons, and so far I have not been managing these competing interests in an effective, sustainable way. So the end result is a lot of mess, a lot of misery, a lot of worry, pain, suffering. Because I allow parts of me to exploit other parts of me, which is unfair. I need to help to address these inconsistencies and unfairness. That will allow "all of us" (inside my head) to have a good time collectively, and then we can have fun playing external games that we play because we enjoy them.
 
I guess that's it. It's all about managing my own psychology. And it can't be all about Big Bad Me giving all these angry directives and orders to myself– my subconscious simply scoffs at that and punishes it for me behind my back. The really is a boss/management/organization thing going on inside the head, and it's very humbling to realize that your subconscious team doesn't belong to you, won't simply do as it's told, needs motivation and cajoling and appreciation and all of the things that regular folks need in the context of larger organizations.
 
I suppose an interesting side-thought might be– where do people learn how to manage their inner selves, who do they learn it from, and why am I so deficient? I went from total non-management at some point (I think...) to an attempted strict-abusive type management, as though that was going to make up for all the years of neglect.
 
When I represent this in a parent/child setting, it becomes so clear that it's bad and wrong. You shouldn't give a child free reign and give in to his whining and worries and concerns– you need to be stable and strong and firm around him. And at the same time you need to be honest, and you need to play with him, give him attention, celebrate him. Enjoy him. You can't go from free reign to suddenly becoming a prison warden. He will hurt, and he will resent you, and your relationship will sour and both of you will have a terrible time. I think this has been going on inside my head for a couple of years now and the byproduct is really toxic.
 
My parents did their best for me with what they had, with what they could. They gave me some things I really appreciate, but they also left me, shall we say, opportunities for self-improvement.
 
I'm on my own now, and it's up to me. I can't depend on others for it– that's just passing the buck. The buck stops with me, and I have to figure this shit out.
 
Adulthood is learning to parent yourself.
The point is– I should learn to parent myself. I should acknowledge that that is my current role in life. Manager of self, Parent of self. I have to listen to me, figure out what my wants and motivations and desires are, pay attention to subtle non-verbal cues, all of that good stuff. And I have to acknowledge that I have been very presumptuous when it comes to myself. All of my criticism of parents in general– my own and of others– apply to me too, with regards to myself. I allow other people's ideas and perspectives to color my own ideas and perspectives about what my child (me) wants. I ought to be paying more close attention to myself.

What do I know for sure? Well– again, nothing, really, but I have some good ideas about some things that I really like. I really like writing. I really like reading. I really like having written. I really like having read. I like annual conversations with smart people. I like hitting the gym, which I haven't done in a while. I like eating good food. I like walking around in nature when the weather is pleasant. I like the shower after a hard workout. I like solving problems. I like helping people, so I ought to frame more problems as "help this person do X". I want to be helpful and useful, but I don't like feeling like I'm under pressure, like I am obligated to do things for people. I'm nobody's slave, I tell myself. (Though... in doing that, I enslave myself in a certain way– by keeping myself contained to a certain area of reality. It gets exhausting after a while.)

I've been asking myself what I'm curious about, what I'm interested about. I suppose it's stories. I'm interested in seeing how tropes play and morph and change. I'm interested in understanding why some stories succeed and why others don't. I'm definitely endlessly curious about etymology, and I'm curious about the etymology of story– of heroes and villians and mentors and motivations and interests. I suppose I should remind myself of that when I feel like I want to watch movies but not really.

That's it– as with predatory thinking, as with how to win friends and influence people, my problem has been that I don't treat myself as a person with interests and needs and desires and curiosities. I simply attempt to impose my will on Me, as though I have the right to speak on behalf of Myself. [4]

So I have more reason to listen and meditate now. It's not just about staring into space, it's about allowing the repressed little boy inside of me to come out and play, that I might listen to him and be a better parent.

[1] I realize that "Young Adult", because of "Young Adult Novels", typically refers to people from ages 14-20 or so. I'm 25. When I say Young Adult, I guess I'm contrasting that with "Full Adult"– which I suppose I reserve for people with more responsiblities, people with children, people who have experienced real hardships in their lives like cancer and miscarriages and elderly parents. I feel like I'm not really an adult until I have to deal with all of that. But from a "14-20 Young Adult" perspective, I'm someone who's married, who has a full time job, who has a mortgage and bills to pay. That's more than most of my colleagues, actually. So the whole thing is a bit of a clusterfuck, and makes you realize how the terms we use are very loaded and 'poisonous' – not necessarily bad, but they influence and shape our thinking far more than we ever realize.

[2] It's interesting to me now how this phrase wouldn't make much sense to me if not for the fact that I live with my wife in a house that we pay for ourselves. We could totally have a child if we wanted to, and we could have a bedroom for it, and so on. We don't plan on having kids anytime soon, because– again, we ought to parent ourselves first before we even think about it.

[3] An aside about etymology– it's really interesting. All sorts of words have all sorts of interrelated relationships across many languages. The word "friend" has its roots in words that mean things like "to love" and "free", and words in general just have much more interconnectedness and rich relationships with one another– even across languages!– than we realize. It's really very beautiful stuff.

[4] There's a difference between the "I" of the ego, and the Me that is broader, subtler, richer, fuller– the subconscious, all of Me that I am not aware of. I first richly encountered this idea in Tor Norretranders' The User Illusion.
I think I mentioned this earlier but I'll repeat it– I've been very curious about the problem of akrasia, where I don't do what I say I want to do. It's a wonderfully complex and multi-faceted problem. Why do I say I want to do something and then not do it? Who is the person saying that they want to do it, and who is the person who's supposed to do it but doesn't? Why say things if they don't get done? Why not do the things that I say I want done? What is the saying for, who is the saying for? What is the purpose of the saying? What causes the saying? What is the missing thing that prevents the saying from becoming a doing?

There are two things that come to mind when I think about this. The first is Dave Trott's Predatory Thinking– he tells this cute story about how he wanted his daughter to learn, and to be exposed to high-quality content. She, on the other hand, wanted to entertain herself watching TV. The interesting thing is, he didn't simply want to impose his will on her. It might've struck him as somewhat inelegant or imperfect. He wanted them to both get what he wanted. The elegant solution– he ended up getting her to watch cartoons about Shakespeare, which she found entertaining. It was a win-win, and there was something very elegant about that.

The second is Dale Carnegie's How To Win Friends And Influence People, where he talks about the importance of giving people what they wanted in order to get what YOU want. I want to say that this is an intuitive idea, though I think it's not super obvious from the get go. When I look back at my younger days I cringe at how I used to talk to people about what I wanted instead of what they wanted. There was this silly sense that– if I wanted something badly enough, and I communicated to somebody else how badly I wanted it, they would be impressed by the amount of effort I put into the telling, and they would give it to me. Please, please, please listen to my music. Please, please, please go out with me. I really, really want it. You can't help but help a person like that, right?

Turns out the answer is no– even though people can be good-hearted and good-natured and want to help you, their first obligation is to their own interests. So you can't sell your product on how great your product is, you have to sell it on how it helps and benefits them. [1]

Now. After several years of knocking around, I think I get this to some degree. But I still catch myself in conversations talking about myself rather than the other person, interrupting the other person to state something about myself or my knowledge or my interests. And this ultimately boring, because I already know what I'm about. For me to learn, I need to encourage the other person to share more, think more, say more. And that expands the territory of our conversation, that expands my own knowledge. But I at least understand the principle here, and I think I'm making progress on this front.

Next? Next is realizing that all of this applies WITHIN MYSELF too. I have all of these ideas as the boss/parent of myself. I, I, I. I want to do this. I want to do that. I want to be fit. I want to be smart. I want to be handsome. I, I, I. It's no different from saying, I want this attractive girl to go out with me. I want everybody to like me. (In this case, the attractive girl is my own subconscious. I'm trying to ORDER myself into action– and of course, the elephant Me is obstinate. It has its own interests and agendas and desires that I barely understand, because I spend all my time inside the conscious space of I, and barely any time paying attention to the subconscious space of Me.

So, I need to do for myself what Dave Trott did for his daughter. I was chatting with my wife about this over lunch– I realize, for instance, that I like helping people, but I don't like feeling obligated to do something because of (what, to me, feels like) arbitrary bullshit reasons. I don't want to be pushed around. I want to feel like I have autonomy and control and I want to feel like a magnanimous king, doing favors and acts of kindness for others. Of course, this is just a feeling, all of these are just feels and they're quite silly but they influence my behavior. I've written nice long emails to students who ask me for help, and yet I procrastinate on doing work for my boss and colleagues, who I admire and respect very much. Why? Could it really boil down to how I'm perceiving the tasks? If they feel like obligations, I don't feel like doing them. If I feel like I'm helping people, out of my own goodwill, then it feels nice. It feels nice to help people. It feels unpleasant to be obligated to do things.

So I should experiment with framing things in terms of helping people. Whenever I say I want to do something, or I have to do something, I need to add the elaboration of how/why it helps somebody, or how/why it helps me fulfill my curiosity, my interests, my pleasure. I want to watch this movie.... not just because the boss/parent I desires it, but also because Me is going to find it really interesting– Me likes playing with stories and narratives and etymology, and good movies will enable Me to explore that richness. It's a win-win.

Adulthood is learning to parent yourself, and parenting isn't a one-way street– it's about paying careful attention to the needs and wants of your child, and doing things that you BOTH enjoy, together.

[1] There are some subtle complications– you CAN sell your product on how great your product is when your customer is already ready, willing and eager to buy the best product in your class– then you can talk about your great product. But if they aren't yet sure about whether or not they even want your product, then you have to sell them on the benefits of your product to them. It's not about what your product is, it's about what your product can do FOR THEM.
So I've established in my last few vomits that one of my central problems is trying to think that I can figure out what I want, what I care about, etc just by thinking about it and attempting to impose my will on myself, and on reality. Turns out that's a very ineffective way of doing things– there are a few rare cases where it appears to have worked [1], and they're usually overblown and over-sensationalized.

So what I need to be doing is listening to myself, and studying my "true" or at least "truer" interests– what I'm thinking about when I'm not particularly thinking about anything, what I care about when I'm trying to care about something else, and so on. The first thing that comes to mind is really abstract stuff– big ideas, changing the world, blah blah. I know that that's probably a sort of escapism– even if it's legitimate, it's not likely to be something that's going to happen just by me wishfully thinking about it.

I'm reminded of the Zen Pencils comic where one person is putting in the work, day in and day out, and in parallel there are two people with elaborate dream collages and cocktail conversations about how they'd like to achieve great things– but then nothing comes out of it. Can I say with any certainty that I'd rather be the hardworking person, and not the idle dreamers? Idle dreaming with nothing to show for it– is that necessarily a worse life? And even if it were, do I necessarily care about how my life turns out? I keep saying I do, but am I just saying it because I feel like I ought to be saying it? A person shouldn't have to labor so hard at communicating their own identity and purpose and intent and all that stuff– it should be evident from their actions.

So what are the actions I need to be taking? Writing, yes, duh. Doing it now. Is there anything else? Should I just let go of this mood and move on to doing something else? I'm going to be visiting my parents today. At the same time I'd like to squeeze out a few more vomits. So I'm just going to keep chugging. It might turn out to be worth very little in the end, but at least I'd have done it, and Me and I can both be proud of that fact together.

I find myself thinking about the doing/done/pleasant/unpleasant matrix. There are...

1: things that are pleasant to do, but unpleasant to have done (spending too much money, or maybe spending time reading pointless articles, playing boring video games that are mundane and repetitive).
2: Things that are unpleasant to do, but pleasant to have done (hard, unfulfilling labor towards a goal, diet and exercise, delayed gratification).
3: Things that are unpleasant to do and unpleasant to have done (self-loathing, maybe?),
4: and things that are pleasant to both do and have done (... writing, once I've gotten started. Flow.)

It's interesting how, attempting to put items in these boxes reveals that the unpleasantness of a task is variable. It depends on how you perceive it. Exercise is unpleasant if you treat it as a painful obligation, but it can also be a glorious opportunity to learn about yourself, to push yourself to your limits, to experience endorphins and sweat and flow. Things that seem pleasant to do– reading bullshit articles, looking at attractive people on Instagram– these things can become neutral or even vacuous if you view it with the "right" lens.

Of course, there's no right or wrong lens, but the point I'm trying to make is... pleasantness is relative. It boils down to how I frame it, how I choose to think about it. I'm reminded of the video of Steve Vai giving a talk at Guitar Center, talking about how he's never had to work a day in his life– he's practiced very hard, and he's had challenges and difficulties, but it was all a joy. That's definitely what I want. I want it to be all a joy. Writing this right now is quite joyful. How do I allow myself to experience this joy in everything I do? I do believe that it's truly possible to have it all.

And yet when I look at my life right now, that's not how it is. Most of it is nervous and anxious, fixated on outcomes, worries about upsetting or disappointing other people with how irresponsible I've been. I've been writing in circles around this– that it seems that I'm afraid of taking up more responsibility, because responsibility is a burden and it means more chances to screw things up, more chances to earn disapproval. But I only feel that way, surely, because I'm looking at things with a very myopic view. Payoffs change. Payoffs change. The changing of payoffs is very counterintuitive, especially if you're short-sighted with respect to time (I definitely have been, so far.)

I suppose the thing then is to celebrate all the growth I've had so far. While having a conversation with my wife earlier today I caught myself having a few impulses to interrupt, and I deliberately chose not to, and I feel really good about that. I feel good at having allowed her to complete her sentences and thoughts, and I feel good at asking her questions instead of shutting her down.

I'd never have thought of myself as a person who shuts other people down in conversation, but that's because again I was myopic and only saw things from the point of view of what I had in my head, what I wanted– it's easy to say that you didn't mean any harm... while harming people. But once you see the bigger picture, it's hard to unsee it.

[1] and even then it's quite likely that things worked out in SPITE of the attempted imposition, or that the imposition was after-the-fact. Finding out where people were already going and then moving yourself to get ahead of them, so as to speak.
So... what do you say, subconscious? Why don't we experiment with this sleeping thing? It's not just about me saying "Oh I want to be all efficient to impress other people"– it's also beneficial to you, because then we have more time to daydream, more time to read, more time to prioritize things that are really important to us. Feels like an all-around win.

But to get something like that in motion, there are a bunch of little details that have to be dealt with. The first thing is that work will have to be finished early, which means that we have to reduce the amount of time we spend waffling at work, and on the trains. Why do we waffle around? Because we think that we're not going to get any real free time in our lives ever. We don't deserve vacations, we don't deserve downtime. So we squeeze it in whenever we can, as soon as we can.

We don't have to make it a huge thing, that's always unnecessarily intimidating and it sets us up to fail. This is about honoring a gentleman's agreement with himself. Wouldn't that be nice? To be able to honor our word? It would remove so much stress and anxiety from life if we knew that we would do whatever we say we would do. So we have to start small. Let's say in the context of these vomits. If we keep going and we do more than 10, we'll feel really good. We'll be able to smile and relax. That's totally worth paying a cab ride for. So if you finish all your vomits today, we can take a cab home later. I don't mind. It's a small price to pay.

But is that what we're really interested in? What does my subconscious mind want from my conscious? It wants to play. What shall we play, then? A video game? I don't think any particular video game is particularly interesting to me right now. We only play those games as distractions. Shall we watch a movie? Do some pushups?

Oddly– I don't know if I'm too early in this process– it feels like when I ask my subconscious what it wants (this is itself a kind of neurotic process– like having a mandatory employee feedback session where nobody has any feedback), nothing really happens. Okay. I got it. We'll meditate. If we keep going, we'll sit in silence and stare at the sky and appreciate the fact that we're alive. That's a longwinded way of saying– the conscious mind will shut down for a while, and the subconscious mind will be allowed to express itself however it likes, on its own terms. And whatever arises then, we'll listen to that. Let's try that today. I think it'll be interesting.
This is vomit number 7 in today's streak. When this is done we'd have written over 7,000 words in a single afternoon. And then we can experiment with continuing, but that's really beyond the current scope of what we're trying to do here. We're trying to exceed our previous record of 10 in a day. That would be really nice. But even if we don't do it, it's nice to have had a second attempt at hitting our personal best.

Which is cool. Which is a deep signal about what we care about, what we're interested in. Honoring a gentleman's agreement with himself. Only when we learn to trust ourselves will we be able to be responsible with the trust of others. Yes, it is indeed a little sad that it's taken this long to get here, but that's irrelevant. What matters is that we keep moving forward, that we grow each day– so that each day we're better off that we were the day before, each day we're doing more justice to this opportunity that we've been given.

I was wondering about all the todo lists I've accumulated over the years. All of these statements of interest, all of these hoops I've created for myself to jump into, expectations to attempt to live up to and fail. I wonder what I should do with them. I suppose we should review them together and then eliminate anything that doesn't feel particularly interesting or exciting, anything that feels like it was created just to impress other people. We don't have to care about other people. Our relationship with each other is more important than the relationship I have with anybody else, so that has to be the highest priority of all.

What are al these actions? Nyeh, it doesn't really matter. We're not even going to look at those for the time being until we've exhausted everything we can exhaust within our immediate reach. I suppose I could glance into my list of questions and look for questions to answer, but... that feels a bit premature, it feels a little hollow. Or is it? I can feel my subconscious rolling its eyes at the thought– because the truth is that it doesn't really matter.

Does anything really matter, no not really. What should we bother with? Living beautifully, living with joy, breathing deep and laughing big, deep belly laughs, having lots of fun, dancing and singing and exploring. What do we want to explore? We can explore anything! Should we read books? Maybe. Shall we talk about the books we've read? That sounds somewhat interesting. Let's ruminate on that as a topic for the next vomit. Let's use the remainder of this vomit to talk about all the immediate todos we'd both actually like to do.

One is to review the books we've been reading. Antifragile, Neuromancer... The Matrix (not a book), Benjamin Franklin, Lover's Dictionary.

Let's also talk about our relationship with the Internet, and with content on the Internet, and people on the Internet. Reddit, Hacker News. There's something about my relationship with those things... I suppose we could also talk about addictive relationships, and how we get caught in loops and patterns we don't like.

Maybe before that let's talk about the power of narratives, and how we've been trying to experiment with narratives to figure out something that really appeals to us. Which is what? I suppose the parenting analogy might have emerged as a consequence of that thought. There was also that bit about Conan the Barbarian (the video game), let's talk about that one.

400 words to go with this vomit but I still don't want to cheat and get out of it. This is where we're going somewhere new now, because we're choosing not to get distracted. Normally this is where I'd open a new tab- but hey, to our funny luck of sorts, the Wifi router isn't really working properly, so we're forced to stay in this space a little longer. This might be an accidental experiment that works really well for us in the long run– I don't want to project too far out, but it does feel like it. We've talked about this before– how strange it is to realize that we write more on pen+paper than we do online, because online is always a ctrl+t, f or ctrl+t, r away from a ton of distractions. We get embroiled in this endless rabbithole and then we find ourselves feeling tired and unfulfilled. Lots of sound and fury signifying nothing, nothing happens, nothing gets done.

Yeah... so I think I'd like to experiment with doing more work without an internet connection. Let's disable the wifi again tomorrow maybe, or the next time we're at work. Let's make that a task that we can refer to and focus on and then complete. An hour without the Internet, everytime we're at work. Yes, that sounds like a great way to ensure that things get written and subsequently published. We'll run into a few snags, won't we? Yeah, we'll need pictures and stuff. I suppose we could do one tomato of information gathering and then do the writing. We've prescribed this for ourselves in the past, but we never got around to following it.

Why? Because I'm weak, I suppose Because I'm an incompetent parent/manager, and I give in too easily everytime my inner child wants to play and frolic. [1] And this isn't even particularly enjoyable play, it's just high fructose corn syrup. It's just distraction that tires us out and prevents us from building the skills that we know will give us deep fulfillment, deep flow. I ought to take a page out of the Tiger Mom's playbook, minus the ridiculous aggression and anger. We're older together, more experienced, and when we're more alert and alive– and away from distractions– we know that flourishing is many, many times more pleasurable than simply going through the motions of pleasure.

In fact, it's quite plausible that all of the attempts at pleasure are kind of... repression-induced rebellion. My subconscious takes over and decides to smoke and eat junk food and sleep late and so on because it want to rebel against my flagrant attempt at over-control. Well, I let go. I give in. I'm willing to listen. And I find... that maybe it doesn't even actually want junk. It just wants to be heard. Early signs seem promising. But I don't want to project, I don't want to assume. I have to learn what the Tiger Mom learnt– humility.

[1] Meta: Why? Because nobody taught me? Because I was never really in a context where I was encouraged to learn how to do this, maybe? Maybe because I'm just replaying the behaviors that I learnt through imitation?
Playing with narratives.

Narratives are powerful, heady stuff. The brain is supposedly wired to think in narratives rather than facts and figures. That's why we prefer stories to boring lectures. That's why human drama is much more memorable than a bunch of symbols and charts. (Well– symbols and charts can communicate stories too, but that doesn't change the underlying point.)

So. If we think in narratives, we remember things in narratives, and we explain things to ourselves in narratives, it makes sense to try and come up with a narrative (or set of narratives) that help us function better. That help us navigate this crazy, absurd thing we call reality. Why are we here? We don't really know. What are we going to do with our lives? We don't really know. We inherit narratives from the time we are born, and scripts, and we live out these scripts and narratives– usually imperfectly, often to the best of our abilities. Sometimes things get difficult and painful, and it requires a narrative for us to make sense of all the mess, to cope with it. Blah blah blah.

Good movies, good books, they have an effect on us. They make us feel things. They make us want to do things, or want to see things differently, they move us in some way. Independent of these things, for the most part I feel like I'm not moving anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. The universe is a vibration of information, space and time, color and light and sound. And sometimes I feel like I'm all shut in, a little alien dot in an alien system that I don't understand as much as I'd like to, this weird imperfect mind trapped in weird, imperfect body that's trapped in a weird, imperfect world. (Weird, imperfect States, weird, imperfect networks of weird imperfections.) Alright. Then what? So what?

Nothing much, really. Life is a long lazy afternoon by the beach and we get to decide for ourselves how we want to spend it. So how do I want to spend mine? I want to have fun. But there's the messy business of existence– bills to pay, jobs, responsibilities, health to worry about, relationships to maintain. These are things that have to be taken care of before we can really have fun. And at the same time– we can't spend our entire existence obsessing about perpetuating existence– what are we living for? What's the point of sustaining a nearly-perfect automaton if it doesn't experience bliss and joy? Working for the sake of working for the sake of self-perpetuation feels hollow and void. There has to be something more, even if it's just the illusion of meaning. There are chemicals that wash over the brain that make us feel good, and we'd like to feel good for some brief instances before we die. But surely life shouldn't just be a series of momentary pleasures within a vast struggle to stay alive until we're dead. There should be something a bit more uplifting than that. There should be something that compels us to wake up in the morning that's more than "I need to eat, pay the bills and go to bed." I mean, these are normative statements. There's nothing in the code of the universe that says human beings– bundles of atoms– are entitled to anything more than destruction. Okay.

Then what? We're still here. Whatever is up, we're still here. And it's up to us to provide our own light. I think pleasure comes from pursuit, from learning, from growth. The more we learn, the more we grow, the more we experience and practice compassion, the fuller our hearts are– and in more techical terms these are just a washing of chemicals too, empathy, bonding, yadda yadda.

Back to Power of Now– when we figure out our inner purpose, we can enjoy arbitrary, random external purposes as games that we play because we enjoy playing them. Life should be enjoyed and not taken too seriously, because nobody makes it out alive. The universe itself is not going to make it out alive. So there's no need to be so serious.

There's this idea that love is beauty– that we can find ourselves in each other, that we can connect with one another and experience these deep spiritual awakenings, that we can feel less alone. Sometimes I agree with this and feel it strongly. Sometimes it just feels like another joke, another laugh, another staged production in the theater of the absurd. I suppose all of those things are true. I suppose it bothers me in a sense that nobody owes me anything– but the only reason I ever even had the illusion that anybody owed me anything was the fact that I grew up as a child, like everybody else, and children are often born into environments where the world owes them something. Eventually you grow up and realize that that was a convenient little fiction, something people tell you to keep you functioning until you can contribute economically, contribute in some way to the collaborative functioning of the species. Which is itself weird and imperfect.

Then what? What's the payoff? I suppose in the shedding of illusions there is freedom, although with the shedding of illusions it's not entirely clear what we ought to use those freedoms to do. I suppose the excercising of the freedom is a pleasure in itself. I'm sitting here typing into a laptop while sitting on my sofa in my home (which I'm paying the mortgage for) in my city-state (that I serve as a citizen-soldier for, and pay taxes for) on my planet– which I don't actually do very much for. I suppose belonging comes from sacrifice and contribution, and taking risks on the behalf of others. That's part of why I'm doing this little writing experiment, even if it doesn't really make a lot of sense as I'm doing it, and even if it won't make the slightest shred of sense at the end.

The thing is that I need a narrative that keeps me going. Or maybe not. Maybe I just need to silence all the narratives that I've been tempted to put on myself. Maybe there's some sort of deeper wisdom beyond language, beyond communication, and it comes from being still in nature, erasing the boundaries between our selves and skins and experiencing the infinity that is the present moment.
Writing is pleasurable even in the present moment, so it makes sense for me to write until I am tired, until I am weary, and then move on to other rewards. I find myself thinking of two things now– one about that young mathematician who was a procrastinator until he was challenged to a duel, following which he spent an agonizing night finishing his life's work– before he died in a duel. What if he had won, or if the duel had been called off? What would he have been able to do with the remainder of his life, this new gift that he had now been granted? Rebirth! Everybody dreams of such chances. And yet we are reborn every minute, every day, we just need to be the ones ourselves, and not hideous circumstances, who awaken to the present and inhabit it fully.

The other thing that comes to my mind is I think Stephen Pressfield's War Of Art. He talks about how he has a ritual for his craft, how he wakes up and goes to the room where he works, and he has lucky charms and all sorts of little things that remind him of what he's doing and why he's doing what he's doing, and he works himself dry– and when he's done he knows that he has earned his keep, he has earned his right to persist. And whatever pleasures he pursues for the rest of the day, he does it with the full-bodied knowledge that he had earned it. He's not cheating himself or anybody else, he's not a fraud. He's doing what is right.

That now reminds me of a guy on Hacker News who described himself as ambitious, yet admitted that he spent his time vegetating in front of the television, or wasting time on Hacker News itself, or doing other frivolous things. Now it's okay to do frivolous things if you want to do frivolous things, but it's a very strange, painful thing to tell yourself and other people that you're ambitious, and then live your life in a way that your actions aren't in accordance with your words. That gnawing pain is something of The Resistance that Pressfield describes. It's the realization that you want to be doing something but you're overwhelmed, you're afraid. Perhaps you lack the necessary machinery and processes to do something about it.

Or perhaps... I don't know, but it's not good. That's not how life should be lived. I was a little harsh on him, because he reminded me of myself and I imagine I would've liked someone to be harsh with me– but now that I think about it that's probably untrue. I should've asked more questions instead. I suppose that is the problem of public forums– everything becomes a performance. What I should've done is written about it as a vomit, and maybe direct the vomit at him. Who knows. All of that is things that are happening outside of me, and I should commit to a certain self-focus so that I can improve my own life, and my own relationship with myself, so that I can create things that allow me to help and aid others more fully (as opposed to paying lip-service). But again, I don't really know where I'm going with that. All I know is that I want to keep writing so I can experience a rich fulfillment tonight. It's completely arbitrary, but so is the rest of life, and I'm making my peace with that for today. Tomorrow might be different.
In Iron Man 2, he gets complacent again, and discovers that he has a peer he didn't know about– who's equally intelligent, but was disadvantaged by circumstances. That peer takes Other People's Money to fund his war– Tony was lucky to inherit money and also bootstrap his way to more money. Ultimately Stark defeats Whiplash with mentor-assisted ingenuity (his holographic father teaches him to invent a new element, which cures the health problems he was having), and with the power of Friendship (Lt. Col Rhodes, aka War Machine.) He was pretty lucky that Whiplash had no real friends and that Justin Hammer wasn't particularly smart.

In the Avengers, I think Stark initially wasn't all that interested in getting involved– Coulson approached him and he said he was busy– but he couldn't help but get involved when Loki was kicking Captain America's butt in Germany. Then it seemed like it was just a bunch of interpersonal ego battling until shit got more serious and Coulson dies... I can't quite remember, maybe I got to watch it again. But basically the proposition is (by Rogers) that Stark is selfish and narcissistic, and he responds by making the sacrifice play at the end of the film. So it's a sort of "for-my-friends-and-people" type deal. This doesn't feel too good, I should watch it again.

In Iron Man 3 Stark has gotten overwhelmed with PTSD and anxiety attacks– he's worried that he won't be able to protect Pepper, who he loves. And fair enough he gets attacked at home by the strongest enemy yet, who has both the insights of Whiplash (puzzle/insight), the strength and resources of Stane (schlep/asset) and the package (theater of war/terrorism). Stark wins by unleashing a hidden stash of deep assets– saved up for a rainy day– but also by surviving long enough for it, through his limitations, by working with a kid who reminded him of himself, by improvising his way through little conflicts, effectively starting from scratch and then playing out the clock. And in the final conflict he is helped by Rhodes and Pepper– #friendship again. (This is what ultimately saves Shepard from the Shepard Clone in one of the Mass Effect expansions– which very obviously copied the ending of The Mummy Returns, where the villain realises his lover doesn't truly love him, while the hero's wife does– as demonstrated by their respective willingness and unwillingness to endanger themselves to save their lovers.)

ANYWAY. The point of all of this is... I recognize that narratives are powerful and full of tonnes of information– the most amount of information packed into the least amount of space, with an emotional heft that moves people. I remember watching Up with my wife after we had some trivial arguments, it moved both of us to apologize and agree that it was stupid and that we both are lucky to have each other at all when others lose their loved ones. Similarly I keep wondering– is there some narrative that I could be adapting and embracing that would motivate me? I liked Conan because he started out overpowered and then got cursed and lost all his shit– and had to claw his way back to get it. I feel like that vaguely mirrors what I'm grappling with.

But having written all this, it feels a bit silly. I don't know. Just putting it out there. Might change my mind about this. We'll see.

I woke up this morning feeling a little tired and frustrated. It might have had something to do with the fact that I spent a very long, late night with a friend and a stranger, chatting about startups, sci-fi, fandoms, MagicL The Gathering, IP and the literary merits of Playboy. Ended up cabbing home at 5am.

It was a pretty good conversation, but I suppose the day before I told myself that I wanted to break my 10-vomits-in-a-day personal best, and I didn't. I will do that today. I'd like to do 16, to be precise, because that would take me over the 300 mark. Again, I know all of this is completely arbitrary, but it feels like difficult arbitrary things are somehow more satisfying that simple arbitrary things– it feels like the brain is able to tell (or simply chooses to tell itself) that difficult things ought to be rewarded.

I wonder where I'm going with these vomits, and I wonder what will change. I think I might actually deviate from writing in the first person, and start expressing my thoughts through hypothetical conversations or arguments between others. I like how Jane Jacobs did that with her book The Nature Of Economies (I think that was it). But I don't want to overthink it in advance (except when I'm dedicating a particular vomit to thinking aloud about it– AKA this one), so I'll just run over these thoughts loosely and then allow things to happen naturally as and when I feel like it.

I suppose I want a feeling of power and control- but why though? Because I have often felt helpless in the face of forces beyond my control and I hate that. Hate seems like a strong word, but it feels appropriate. The thing is, I don't feel helpless 24/7– rather, there tend to be certain instances from time to time where I feel helpless, and in those instances I regret not having prepared, not having become stronger and more able, and I hate those instances in particular. The problem for me is that these instances are exactly that– instances. I feel very strongly about them in the moment, but that feeling does not translate into long-term action, long-term behavioral change.

I remember getting scolded and chided so many times in school for my tardiness, for not doing my homework, and every single time I (think I) remember genuinely wanting to change, to turn over a new leaf, to become a better person, to start doing my homework methodically, to start keeping track of everything, to being focused. And somehow that never worked out. And this went on for the rest of my life. I didn't do as well for my exams as I "should've", and I had to promise the Ministry of Education (this is true) that I would work harder. And I feel like I meant it at the time, but again, that degenerated pretty quickly. Over and over again. Looking back at my life, I see a cycle of me getting upset and frustrated by difficult circumstances, and then not doing very much about it. And that itself is something that frustrates me at a meta level, too– but I know that I can't just get angry about it and flagellate myself for it. There must be something fundamental I'm missing, and there's something totally wrong about my approach. Clearly getting frustrated and upset is not helping to solve the problem– it might even be perpetuating the problem (if not by causing any direct damage– which is possible! [1]– then through opportunity cost.)

I don't want to be frustrated anymore. I don't need to keep mirroring the teachers and authority figures who I had frustrated. I can do better than that. I am my own authority figure, and I will be firm but kind. I will ask myself what I want. I will allow myself space to express myself, to pay attention, to play.  I am my own parent now. It is okay that I ended up staying up late yesterday, and that I've spent more money on cabs in the past 4-5 days or so than I normally do in a month. (I think.) I have savings, I am more responsible than I realize, and I can and will just be a little more thrifty for the rest of the month– so that I can stay on top of my life and my circumstances.

[1] How does self-flagellation cause direct damage, when it comes to trying to solve a problem? Well... let's use parent or boss analogies. Does yelling at a child or employee really change their fundamental behavior? It gives them something new to be afraid of, something new to try to avoid. It also signals to them that they can't be trusted, and that they're incompetent. How would I deal with my child if she were screwing things up? I would try to talk to her gently and ask her what happened, and try to communicate to her– ideally by asking questions rather than telling her outright– how the better outcome would be better for her.

"Have you thought about what you want" might be a powerful question worth asking. If not, why? "Got time what." Which is... quite fair. Are you aware of the fact that your life trajectory can be radically different if you take one set of actions over another? No, probably not. How do you communicate that effectively within the context of a classroom? It's difficult– you'll need people to literally see the different outcomes, and meet people living in the different outcomes. I suppose we could say that it's very important for people to get excited about things, so that they'll be able to identify some end-state that they'd like to work towards– because pleasure is typically found in the fulfilling, flow-enabled pursuit of something that we really care about. Though I wonder if some Zen types would disagree with that. We'll get around to experimenting with that, too.

Changing behaviors requires changing rewards to cues, but even that itself requires some sort of motivation, some sort of intent, some sort of desired end-state that one recognizes to be preferable to the current one (or to the one that we're headed towards on the current trajectory.)

It took us a long while before we realized that the $1 lights made our home feel rather... "cheap" and "sleazy". There was just something about the intensely dull glow– I think it used to give me headaches, maybe it gave us all headaches. We initially only had the ceiling lights to illuminate anything. The would be really harsh at glaring to look at directly, and yet they wouldn't quite give us all the lighting we needed in the rooms.

Since then, we've replaced the ceiling lights with white flourescent lights, that light up the whole rooms with neutral, white bright light whenever we need to see everything that's going on. But we rarely use those. We've also added warm yellow lights that are mounted on stands– 2 Ikea lamps with two parts– one that diffuses lighting upwards, and another smaller one that can be directed in any... direction. This casts a much nicer, warmer light that isn't shining in your eyes or face. In our bedroom, we've also added two little clip-on lights above our bed that we can move around– we can either point them at the books that we might be reading, or we can point them upwards, which gives the room a soft, warm light. My favorite little hack is to point them behind a book that's on the stand above our bed– this dims the light substantially, making it kinda romantic.

I guess why I wrote about this is– I want to take some time to think about how set and setting can make such a huge difference. Lighting. Music. Ambient sounds. My wife and I took almost two years before we bought a proper dining table of sorts, and it made such a big difference to us. Prior to that we were always eating at the bar (too high) or at the coffee table (too low) and it was never quite possible to have a proper dinner. I was completely unaware of how much of a difference that makes– how nice it is to sit at a table and have breakfast or dinner together, facing each other, sitting in proper chairs at a proper table.

Similarly, we got ourselves scratch protectors for our chairs and stools so that they didn't make the annoying screechy sounds when we dragged them, and that feels amazing, too. Other little improvements– having hooks to hang your keys on. If it were feasible, I'd also like to have phone and macbook chargers all over the house so that we'd be able to charge our devices wherever we went. Or at least two in the home– one in the living room and one in the study– we have that now whenever I bring my charger home from work, but it would be so much nicer if we simply had two at home and I could leave my charger at work. Hell, I would be a lot happier if I could outright leave my macbook at work– it feels a little silly to have to carry it back and forth every day. It's a long commute.

We bought bluetooth speakers, and we have spotify on all our devices– so now it's possible for us to stream music through any of the devices, through any of the devices, through the bluetooth speakers that play in our living room. It's lovely.

All of this is just a longwinded way of thinking and talking about the effect that environment and ambience and tools and affordances have on my pleasure, my experience of reality. Airconditioning made a huge difference. Having water heating made a huge difference. Having a regular, easy supply of cold water made a difference. I suppose I should take more time to think about how to improve my environment. It felt really good to tidy out my drawers. I have a whole unch of books that need to be "processed" in some way. I'll have to figure that one out.
This has been on my "to write" list for a very, very long time. I think I've been putting it off because I want to do something really amazing and spectacular, but I think it's time to just give it a single attempt and then see how I feel afterwards.

I was a JC retainee– I repeated JC1 at Tampines Junior College in 2007 and 2008. I did my A levels in 2009, and didn't really do well enough to get into any of the courses I wanted to get into in local Universities. Ultimately life turned out well for me– I got invited to work at a local startup, and it's been a wonderful challenge and an opportunity for growth. I've since had the luxury of turning down multiple job offers– I know that can sound braggy, but all I really want to say is– if I can have a comfortable life despite screwing up my A's and "wasting" a year, I bet you can too.

Some thoughts about my actual retaining. From a very young age I was very curious and inquisitive and read loads of books, comics, everything I could get my hands on. At the same time, I never developed much in terms of self-regulation or discipline. My parents didn't ask me to do any chores– I didn't have to make my bed, I didn't have to do the dishes. Their logic was– if they removed all of that from the equation, I would be able to focus entirely on my studies. I think on hindsight that was a bad idea. Children ought to be given lots of structure, a progressive amount of responsibility, a sense that they're participating in the household, not just being a sort of... absent, vacant member.

In primary school, I could coast along without any effort. I had already read all the textbooks and more during the holidays before the school year, so everything was really familiar and easy for me. I got into the Gifted Education Program and I thought it was lots of fun.

But– and this was the case even before the GEP, I realize– I was never able to do my homework. I know that's a vague statement to make, and people can ask– were you "not able to", or were you "simply" lazy? Did you "simply" refuse to do your work, were you just stubborn? I look back and I think... I remember being incredibly hurt and upset and embarrassed when my parents were called up to school to have to talk to my teachers about my terrible performance. I would be one of the few people singled out over and over again for being too talkative, for not being able to keep my mouth shut, for being a class clown, for being tardy with my work, for not handing up my work on time. It was incredibly disruptive and frustrating for everybody– for my teachers, for me, for my parents. I suppose some of my peers enjoyed the entertainment and free time, I don't really know any more.

But what I know is this– I would have moments where I felt incredibly strongly that I wanted to turn my life around, that I wanted to study, that I wanted to work hard and that I wanted to do well for my examinations and make my parents proud and impress my friends and secure a brighter future for myself– and despite all of that, I was never able to make much headway on it. When I confronted the books, it would be like staring into the abyss. I suppose now that I think about it– me versus my examinations and schoolwork is much like how a non-gamer might seem when they're faced up against a complicated game of DOTA or World of Warcraft of Starcraft or something. If you missed out the basic fundamental discipline-development, the ability to get things done, the skill of responsibility, then the learning curve is incredibly steep and overwhelming. I remember writing in my journal day after day, "Why the fuck are you not studying? What is wrong with you?"

Those were dark days and miserable times for me. I think I largely distracted myself from all of it with video games and cigarettes and whatnot, but that probably exercebated the problem.

When I look back on my life I think the problem was incredibly far upstream. I should've learnt to be responsible as a kid– I never did. I never had to be particularly accountable for anything when I was growing up, and when the time came for me to sit down with abstract mathematical concepts that didn't have any immediate gratification for me, I simply couldn't do it. It was like asking a skinny guy to lift a heavy weight. Doing so would require not just a workout regiment, but a lifestyle change– it would require changes in diet, changes in sleep.

On hindsight, my parents, my schools, my teachers, my peers, nobody was really equipped to help me. And even now I'm still trying to figure out how to help myself, as an adult with adult responsibilities– bills to pay, a mortgage, a marriage to hold together, work obligations. It's a little better than school, because I can see how these things affect my life. Paying for the roof over my head makes a lot more sense than trying to do well for a test for an exam for a chance of getting into a school for a better chance of maybe getting a job.

Anyway. Every year I get loads of emails from people who screw up their A levels or who retain, and who ask for help and advice. And very often they set out to retake their A levels (which I did, but ultimately didn't do very well at). And I think what I need to say is– the problem is probably far upstream. You might think you need motivation (which is like fuel), but what you really need is discipline (which is like an internal combustion engine), and chances are your discipline muscle is incredibly atrophied and weak. You're smart, which is why you got into JC in the first place– probably by coasting. But to do well for your A's you need a dramatic, radical lifestyle change that is really... I don't think your parents or teachers can fully appreciate what a radical change that is. And it's very painful. And to have to do that while you're also dealing with hormones and socializing and all of that stuff... it's really messy.

I suppose ultimately I failed at playing the A levels game. What I can tell you is what not to do, and what I didn't do that I wish I did. I wish I committed to much smaller sessions of study much earlier. I kept trying to do big sessions, and then I would get exhausted, distracted and demoralized. I wish I would commit to working in environments that were designed to be without distraction. I wish I had a commitment buddy who kept me accountable. I wish I had worked in smaller chunks, and charted my progress day in, day out. I wish I reflected every day on what I had learnt, on what my weaknesses were, on what I needed to do next. I wish I had practiced my papers. I wish I slept earlier, I wish I ate better. Taking a 3 hour examination is a physical activity, and you need to prepare for that.

Ultimately I'm lucky and happy with how my life turned out– and the meta advice I would give people beyond examinations is to think about what you're interested in, what you're good at, and figure out ways to be economically useful to the world independent of your examinations. This applies to a narrow band of people who are going to screw up their exams anyway. Life can go on, you just need to be really proactive, have lots of initiative, and to do a little bit of work every single day.

Well, that was a crappy letter. I'm publishing it anyway, maybe I'll revisit it later in the future.
This is something I wish I had read when I was 15, 16, 17, 18. It's written for a very narrow audience, and does not apply to the vast majority of people. Here goes.

Hey, you. I see you. You're struggling in school. None of it seems to make sense, it's like this vast circus, this vast zoo of domesticated people jumping through hoops to qualify for the opportunity to jump through more hoops and get treats for it, and the whole thing strikes you as perverse and insane. You want out. But you know that you're bonded to your parents, you know that you don't have any money. You know you're screwed if you run away from home– you can't survive. You're just stuck in this miserable cycle and you're hoping that it will all make sense one day.

Here's the thing. Schools aren't making kids jump through hoops because they're cruel or hurtful. They're doing it because they don't really know any better. The world is changing dramatically and schools are centuries-old institutions that can't adapt quickly enough. And for a lot of people, the value proposition makes sense. For a lot of people, life is perfectly fine if you just go to school and do as you're told and then get a job and do as you're told and then get married and do as you're told. Really. You're a little weird. But that's okay, we'll figure it out together.

So here's the deal. If you don't like the zoo, your duty to yourself is to figure out how to survive in the wild. You should learn about food, for instance, and figure out how food works. Learn how to cook, so that you can save money and prepare food for cheaper, and not have to go hungry. You should learn how to socialize with people effectively. School doesn't teach you social skills, which is sorta cruel. Read more books. Read How To Win Friends And Influence People by Dale Carnegie. Read Robert Greene's 48 Laws Of Power. Read about Benjamin Franklin, and Voltaire, and Montaigne, and Seneca. These guys have thought about your concerns long before you, and they've got some pretty wise, sagely advice for you that will make your life much less miserable.

Oh yeah, you're going to have to figure out how to survive economically. This is a lot less difficult than people make it out to be. All you need to do is to develop a skill that people are willing to pay money for. Here are some things that are always in demand– computer engineering. The ability to code, to build websites, web apps, mobile apps. The ability to do good visual design– photoshop, illustrator. The ability to write well, about anything. The ability to think clearly. You want to develop these abilities, and more importantly, you want to communicate this ability to the world.

For me, my blog was my "lucky break". But it wasn't really about luck. It was about probability. Write long enough on the Internet, and sooner or later people will find you through search engines. Write about a broad range of things and sooner or later you'll find yourself writing about something that some people care about. I've been writing these word vomits with the explicit intention of NOT writing for an audience, and even then I've had a blogpost go to the front page of Hacker News and get tens of thousands of views, and I've had another post be one of the top ten most shared posts on Medium, and all of this exposure gets me all kinds of cool job offers that give me all sorts of flexibility.

There is nothing great about me. I practiced writing– and it wasn't even a really deliberate practice, I sort of flaffed around a lot– while I was doing my National Service. Anybody can do that. If I could go back in time, I would've started writing regularly as early as possible. I would've kept my blog from primary school running all the way. (Sigh, Diary-X died. I would've saved archives and maybe exported them to blogspot or wordpress or something.) I would've kept myself as tech-savvy as possible, and learnt to code if possible. I would've learnt to draw– the ability to communicate ideas visually is incredibly powerful.

Don't bother with Facebook and Twitter and all that nonsense. Those things are largely distractions. There are some opportunities you might find, but mostly it's people commisserating with one another. Which is alright, it's nice feelings, and even getting into passionate arguments about social issues and Lee Kuan Yew's legacy and all of that stuff can feel really important. But at the end of the day it's not going to put food in your belly and a roof over your head. Your number one priority, as a person who's falling through the cracks of the education system, is to figure out how you're going to contribute economically. Do this by running as many cheap experiments as you can– don't do any MLM bullshit. My personal last resort was to work as banquet staff at Shangri La Hotel– I did some part time work there when I was trying to fund my band's EP, and the management liked me because I spoke clearly, was friendly, attentive and willing to learn. I imagine I could've made some decent cash– enough to pay rent and for food– and I could've focused on building up my body of work.

If I have to condense all of that– if you're not going to depend on your grades and your degree– all of those things are really just pieces of paper that signal that you might be a person capable of creating value– your job is to create as much value as you possibly can.

I recommend reading a bunch of essays– off the top of my head, you should read the following essays by Paul Graham:

How To Make Wealth
How To Do What You Love
What You'll Wish You'd Known

Why Nerds Are Unpopular
After Credentials

Read as much as you can about great historical figures who had to struggle with difficulty and make difficult decisions. Be as prudent as you possibly can. Save all your money. Drink water over soft drinks. Avoid smoking if you can, it burns quite a bit of money. Exercise regularly. Reach out to older folks over Twitter or email and ask them for advice. You'd be amazed at how many people are very happy to chat with any young person with initiative. These folks might not give you a job straight away, but you can ask them stuff like, "What would you look for in a person you'd hire", and then you can go on to build yourself those skills.

Life can be very fun and rewarding. You don't have to feel sorry for yourself. You don't have to get into elaborate identity performance, you don't have to argue with your friends about whether you should go to University or not, whether JC or Poly is better. All of that is drama, wayang, distraction. Focus on bettering yourself.
The last game I really got into and enjoyed was the Mass Effect series– it got me very interested in the characters, and it made me want to see them overcome the conflicts that they were embroiled in. I suppose I also enjoyed Final Fantasy 6 and 7, Breath of Fire 2, Dragon Age Origins. I really appreciate Megaman X. With all of these games there's a sense of somewhere to go, something that needs to be fulfilled. It can start really small, and then the world opens up and you realize there's so much more.

A game has to give a player a sense of power. You can take it away from them at times to make them feel powerless, violated– there's a part in Dragon Age Origins where you get attacked in your little encampment where you expect to be safe. In Mass Effect 2 (or 3, I forget), your ship gets attacked while you're away, and you have to control Joker, your physically feeble pilot. In Megaman X you face a boss that you're not actually capable of defeating– all of these things give you a sense of powerlessness.

I suppose I'd like to take a minute to think about why I even care about what makes a great video game. I suppose it boils down to this– almost all good video games feel a little more engaging than real life in some sense, which is why people can get so carried away and addicted. Video games are designed better than most of our lives are– in real life, the objectives are fuzzy, the next levels are fuzzy, it's not clear what we could be doing to get to "the next level", it's not clear how we ought to be improving ourselves, what demons we ought to be defeating. Good video games lay that out for you, and sorta cheer you on as you succeed. You feel like you're learning and growing– all sorts of things that school ought to be doing, but rarely does.

And when you watch say, Michio Kaku explaining the fundamental forces of the Universe, or listen to the guy talking about the perfumes that were still intact in the Titanic– when you see anybody who's incredibly passionate about what you're doing, you get a sense of that drive, that motivation. And I think that's what we all need in life (again I wonder if the Zen-type folks might disagree with this). I glanced at a Paul Graham essay where he wrote about "What doesn't feel like work?"– there are some things that feel like work, but some things that don't, and we should typically try to end up setting up our livelihoods and our vocations around things that don't feel like work. (Steve Vai: I've never worked a day in my life).

Video games start to suck when they feel like work, or when the game feels like it's punishing you for no fault of your own. When the camera angle is bad, and so you can't see the enemy, and you get killed for no fault of your own. Sadly, a lot of life can be like that– you have no idea why you're suffering, because of forces and powers beyond your control. That's just the way it is. But we should be trying to design things better, so people have a clearer sense of what they're doing.

I saw a funny comic on Imgur I think about what life would be like if it were more like video games. Things like– when you're going to talk to somebody, there's a hologram above them telling you what you ought to talk to them about. In a sense, we can achieve that– not necessarily through the direct technomagic way, but by asking people what they'd like, or by doing the reading and research in advance. (Dale Carnegie talks about this.)

Okay, now I'll glance at what I had written before, which some elaboration. I repeat myself a bit:

Graphics: A video game doesn’t need to have cutting edge graphics. See: Flappy Bird, Pacman. Good graphics are about efficiently communicating ideas. Journey. You just need to feel like there's something that can be done, and that you can do it. Fruit Ninja. Candy Crush. Saints Row 2, FF6 and FF7, Terranigma- all of these are great games with some nice graphics here and there, but not necessarily spectacular graphics.
Length. There are short games that are great. There are long games that suck. The Godfather is a long movie, but there's no wasted minutes. You don't want to plan the length in advance– you want it to be exactly as long as it needs to be to communicate the essence of what you're trying to say.
Buildup. A great game has pace, buildup. Things swell, like music. You feel like you’re going somewhere. Something must change, and you must be changed by it. If nothing changes, why bother? The stakes has to change. Make it harder.
Gameplay. A game must be literally fun to play. Surprisingly, this isn’t as critical as it might seem. There are some games that are worth playing even though the gameplay isn’t perfect. But this helps a lot. Real life corollary– sometimes you have to do things that aren't fun, like send out a bunch of emails or do a bunch of mechanical tasks. But there can be ways of turning those things into games to make it more fun. Time yourself, challenge yourself.
Character Development. I read somewhere that one of the most crucial things about any movie is that the protagonist must go through some sort of change. If they are the same person at the beginning and at the end, it feels like you wasted your time.
Variation. You need to change things up.
Plot. Why are we doing what we're doing? What is the challenge that needs to be overcome? What is the objective? What were we not aware of before, that we need to learn? Good plots should expand our imagination, and perhaps force us to acknowledge that reality is more complex than we had previously conceived.
Multiplayer– not all games need to be multiplayer games, but good multiplayer experiences are awesome. Counter-strike, Dota, Left4Dead– it's great when people can help each other out, save each other from tight spots, and achieve more together than they can do on their own. It's a very fulfilling experience, and you bond strongly with people.
Sense of accomplishment, purpose, direction. Sometimes when I'm procrastinating I want to play a video game like Bare Knuckle III or Metal Slug X, because I like feeling like I'm in control, I like feeling like I'm performing this exquisite dance of sorts where things are getting done thanks to my skill and competence.
Atmosphere (dead space). This is all about immersiveness. Throw me into a beautifully detailed world and help me forget about my day to day life for a while.
Sense of chioice/power/customizability (Dragon Age, GTA, VC). Allow me to express myself through my decisions. In a way, a lot of life is about identity-expression too, if we want it to be. If we choose not to care about it, that's a sort of identity-expression too.
– Strategy tactics (Heroes 3). I guess this was about problem solving. When you find a creative solution to using your limited resources to do more than you previously thought you were able to do. That's a heady feeling. The "Chess" element.
– Sense of awe/power (suit up/level up)
-Epic"-ness. Real life can be subtle and mundane. Fiction and video games and such can potentially make us feel things much more strongly by turning up the stakes. And they can tell us a lot about how we ought to approach everyday life. Bullshit breaks down at the extremes.
no corridor-ness – Final Fantasy 13 was horrible because it was basically an endless series of pretty corridors. Corridor Simulator 13. Give me some choices, let me express myself by giving me multiple ways to solve a problem.
– no drudging grinding. Why should I have to do the same thing over and over and over again? If I'm good at something, allow me to do it quickly. Allow me to skip things that I might not necessarily want to do, if I've already proven that I can do it. Quick-walk in Dragon Age, etc was great for this.
– not too repetitive. Nobody wants to do the same thing over and over again. I'm looking at you again, Final Fantasy 13 and repetitive combat. Challenge me. Make certain things inaccessible. Force me to see things differently.

I suppose all of these principles also go into Life design, when thinking about how we ought to live and play the games that are our lives.
But it got my feet a little wet and I thought I'd play more with other people. I played with a group of musicians– $20 buy in. The larger sum of money scared me– I was a broke teenager. I ended up losing my buy-in. At some point I had folded despite having the best hand, went on tilt, and then went all in with a good hand later on to be beaten by a better hand– I lost two buy ins. $40. It was a humbling experience. I had been fleeced. They were friendly about it but I felt like a failure.

I would keep playing little cash games here and there. I had a memorable evening with another group of friends where I made over $60. I felt like a king. I took a cab home and still had made over $50.

I would play with my colleagues at work a few times, and most of them are way better than me. We'd play $50 buy-ins. As a working adult, the cash didn't really stress me out as much as the $20 buy ins did when I was a teenager, but I was still loss-averse enough to be fleeced for it.

At some point I entertained the notion of studying poker and getting better at it– it seemed like all my cool friends were doing it. I even naively wanted to blog about it– I believe I had planned a series of blogposts in about 2010 about life lessons from poker. How presumptuous of me to plan the life-lesson blogposts before even having the lessons, before even getting any good at the game! (I suppose that's the life lesson for me now, on retrospect. Don't presume.)

I've since put aside my interest in poker altogether. I mean, I like shuffling cards, and I'd enjoy watching people play it, but I realize I have lost the interest in trying to become better at life through poker as a proxy. I am now exposed to more of life directly– I have the opportunity to get better at life by being a better husband, colleague, friend, writer. So there's no real need for proxies. The idea of learning to calculate all those probabilities of all those hands– it would be nice, sure, but it requires an expenditure of time and energy that I feel like I can't afford.

And here's what I've been thinking– poker is ultimately a closed system. Meaning– the rules don't change. Human nature doesn't change. You can't secretly get more cards, you can't stack the deck, you can't change the nature of the game. All you can do is get better at playing the game as it's already been designed. And I realize that bores me. Perhaps its a case of sour grapes– I've realized that I have never been able to be the person who's completionist about something. I will never be the one to master one specific thing better than anybody else. There are always people who are more anal than me, more patient, more focused, more deliberate. If I try to compete on that level, I'm screwed. I will always be outclassed.

Instead, I'd like to devote my life to pursuits where I feel like I can change the rules to suit my own styles and desires. I think writing is a great example. I'd rather be an above-average writer than an above-average poker player. Writers get to improvise. Writers get to make up their own stuff, their own ideas, their own rules. Sure, there are certain fundamental principles, but there's a lot more art to it. You can come up with something clever that directly contradicts everything else before it.

No, I'm still not explaining it properly. I think here it is– becoming a better poker player means climbing up one of the various leaderboards– cash games, tournament games, etc etc. Becoming a better writer (as I choose to define it) means developing yourself, with respect to yourself. Sure, there are book sales and bestseller lists and stuff, but those things are just... I don't know, they indicate something else entirely.

Whatever the case, I thought it would be interesting to contemplate how at some point I was very interested in poker, and now not at all. I've acknowledged that it's something I'll never be great at, and if I'm not going to be great at it, I can't even really be bothered to be moderately good at it. I'm happy to apologize for being a shitty poker player because I was spending my time honing my craft as a writer.

Yeah, that's about right.
The same sort of applies to writing, too. Every attempt at some sort of grand writing project ended up sputtering and failing. This one is the most successful one so far, and I think the reason it works so well is because I've deliberately chosen NOT to decide what it's about. I'm just writing whatever I feel like writing, and I'm committing to a volume of 1,000,000 words. Everything else is fair game. If I want to change direction in the middle of the project– or hell, even in the middle of a specific vomit– I can do that.

I totally see the value in having works that are carefully structured, by the way. I think it's important to have good catalogues that are searchable, accessible, A to Z, start to finish, so on. But I don't think that's how learning happens, at least for me (and it seems, for Paul Graham. Which is flattering.)

I think learning is a lot about desire. We need to pay attention to what we're burningly curious about, what we really, really want to know. If we're tasked with learning something, or we task ourselves with learning something, such as programming or design, I think doing a 101 course is actually painful and boring. I've avoided saying this outright so far because it can seem rather condescending, pompous, self-important. I don't want to insult anybody who's ever done something as noble as take the time to write a 101 for anybody else.

Perhaps this only applies to anxious, edgy people who are constantly teetering on the edge of boredom and fiddlesomeness. For people like us, I think it makes a lot of sense to just ask, "What do I really, really want to know?" And then you figure out that problem space. And then you figure out what you need to know to solve that problem, and then you solve those things, starting from the most interesting thing. The cool thing about that is– once you learn one interesting thing, everything else that's connected to that interesting thing becomes slightly more interesting than it was before you knew that first interesting thing.

So for example... say you're learning how to cook. The first thing you should do is learn how to cook a dish that you really want to make. If it's an incredibly complex dish, then you'll want to find out what are the simpler versions of that dish you need to learn to make first– and these simpler dishes are now interesting because they're steps en route to the more interesting dish.

Once you've learnt how to make the really interesting dish, you'll find that there are a bunch of similar dishes you could make just by changing a little thing here or there. So say you've gotten good at working with some sort of pasta. By changing the sauce or something, you can now make a whole different set of pasta. You might not have wanted to learn to make that pasta from scratch, but since now you can make Pasta A, and it takes very little additional effort to also make Pasta B, you can effectively double your repertoire for very little effort. And the prospect of doubling your repertoire with very little effort is always a very interesting thing.

This is quite mind-expanding for me right now. Too often I've allowed myself to get mired in trying to follow extensive guides and elaborate histories and all sorts of things like that. What I should really be doing is identifying specific things that I'm curious about, and then seeing what I'm curious about after that. Once you've done this a series of times in a chain-effect sort of way (this has definitely happened for me in some ways– when learning music, I think that happened for me at some point when I had experienced the most growth as a musician), you may then find that a whole bunch of your learnings fit into a neat, complete package that's worth meditating on.

That said, even then... I think the way I've been expecting myself to learn things has been very backwards. The better solution SEEMS inelegant, but it works because it does what's most exciting. It brings the most energy to the table, and the chain reaction is more powerful than trying to slowly get from page 1 to 2 to 3.

The way to do it is piecemeal.
I would like to do 9 more vomits before I go to bed tonight, though I recognize that that's probably not very feasible. I suppose this is a part of my regular overestimation of myself, which is I think going to be the subject of this particular vomit.

I have always been very bad at estimating things– particularly at estimating my own capacity for doing things, because I tend to assume that I'll be completely productive the whole time I'm going to be doing something– writing at full steam for hours and hours without having to break to rest or sleep or anything of the sort. I also tend to underestimate the complexity and difficulty of tasks. I want to say this is because I'm used to being able to do things, but really I'm not sure.

To get a little meta about it, it seems like I've basically settled into this comfortable-uncomfortable system where I just make inaccurate projections about what I'm going to do, and then I miss these projections and then I self-flagellate whatever seems to be a reasonable amount, and then I perpetuate a sort of stasis within this little loop. If there is growth, it feels like it's not very much. It feels like... if I can resolve this problem of estimation and subsequent flagellation, I fell like I'll be able to grow and learn and serve others at a much better rate. [1]

I recognize that there's a certain hedonic treadmill aspect to this, but I don't think I'm anywhere near the obsessive stage where it's clear that I'm grasping at the straws of diminishing returns. I might seem like it because I'm writing about it so much, but I'm writing about it primarily because I've committed myself to writing as much as possible about anything at all, and for the most part I'll write about whatever's on my mind. So this writing project at the time being is an overplay, an overdoing of sorts. I'm taking far more effort than reasonable to represent something at much higher fidelity than "necessary". If my only goal in life was to resolve the issue, I'd probably just shut up and spend all my time working on resolving the issue. But my main goal is to write, and so resolving the issue is something I do as part of the process of writing. It's the subject matter I just happened to choose. Or maybe I'm rationalizing right now? Now that's a recursive rabbithole that's not worth getting into.

If it's not worth getting into that recursive rabbithole, what should I be getting into? I guess just reminding myself of this should suffice. I feel like the first thing that needs to go is the self-flagellation. It's part of the equation that maintains the unpleasant stasis that I have grown to dislike, and it also feels like the "simplest" thing to eliminate. Simple conceptually– all I need to do is recognize when I'm self-flagellating, and stop.

And ask instead, okay, what stopped me from being able to do what I set out to do? What do I need to change so that I can improve my odds of getting it right the next time? How can we try better? Was it unreasonable to hope to do 15 vomits in a day? I don't think so. I think the problem was that I woke up late, and that I got distracted at several points, and I hadn't paced myself, hadn't set targets, hadn't been more rigorous. But hey, as a consolation, I've still done more vomits today than on most days. I did 10 yesterday, and 10 again a few weeks ago, and today I've done like... 7? I'm just going to keep going until I get sleepy, and then I'll go to bed. But I'm not going to feel bad about it. Shipping is shipping.

[1] This brings me to some side thoughts about what it means to be growing at an optimal rate, and what optimal means. I was also just watching a talk by Doris Kearns Goodwin, who wrote Team Of Rivals– an excellent tome about Abraham Lincoln's life and his Presidency. I read it because Barack Obama mentioned at some point that he was reading it, and it was totally worth it. Great book. Anyway, Doris's talk was about life lessons from the Presidents she had studied (Lincoln) and interacted with (Lyndon Johnson), and she talked about how there are 3 parts to life that you'll want to invest in– work, love and play. So I think... as long as you're making an effort on all 3 counts, you're probably going to have a reasonably rich and fulfilling life.

Now, I don't think it makes sense to be constantly obsessed with trying to optimize things– I think when you do that, you might be happy WITH your life, but it'll be hard to be happy IN your life. That's the problem of being obsessively perfectionist, for example. You get all these achievements that you can be proud of, but you're never happy, never satisfied. And I definitely want to be happy and calm and fulfilled and magnanimous and laughing and all that. I don't need to be the King Of The World or anything like that. I'm happy to pass that glory on to others. What I do want is to be able to say that I gave myself a good shot. And right now I still don't feel like I can say that.

Some of my friends might say some things like, "Yeah, don't push yourself too hard, man." Which is a valid concern, and something that I might be guilty of from time to time. THAT SAID, it's entirely possible to push yourself too hard sometimes, and then not push yourself enough at all (the term isn't as accurate as I'd like but I'll just use it for now). The idea is to find the happy middle– where you're pushing yourself the appropriate amount and enjoying yourself while you're at it. It's quite tough to really dissect and unpackage that because it's very multi-faceted and multi-layered– probably best to start from first principles. I think I'll write my next post about this.
Right, so hot on the heels of the last post, the question to be answered is– what does it mean to achieve a happy medium? What is the middle way, what does the middle way look like? Have I done it before in any sphere? I know for a fact that I've never really managed to sustain it for a decent period of time with regards to "my life", because "my life" is a large, multi-faceted thing and I'm bad at prioritization and time management so I typically tend to overwork myself at the last minute, and then overindulge in nonsense to put myself into last-minute panic again. That's a shining example of how things shouldn't be.

The middle way, ideally, is when I sleep well, wake up early, exercise, have a hearty breakfast, do some light reading and some writing (maybe 1 vomit), head to work, figure out 3 things that ought to be done that day, do them without much distraction (maybe 20-30 mins of distraction tops), and then finish my work. Then I go home and spend some quality time with the wife, and maybe watch a movie or do more reading, do a little bit more writing, and then go to bed feeling well rested. Lots of stuff got done. I managed to work, love and play, all at once. If I repeat this indefinitely I should have it add up to a nice life.

So what's stopping me from living this life? How should I tackle this problem? How do I break it down into a smaller problem that I can solve first, before expanding it into a multiple-parts problem that solves multiple little problems as part of a bigger problem? Do I have any precedent for that? In video games? In writing? Something?

My mind tells me "No, not really." I've typically done all my hard things by cramming at the last minute without much preparation, and it's usually by luck that I survive. I do better at some things like giving impromptu talks because I happen to have covered a lot of the subject matter in my daily line of work and procrastination. But for me to put together and continually act upon a system in a systematic way that achieves more than I could with "raw willpower" (which I don't have a lot of – that muscle isn't very well trained), that is something that has still eluded me. And that's the single best thing I can work on to improve my quality of life, I'm sure I've written about this almost a hundred times now. Which is fine, repetition seems to be a necessary component in learning and getting better. If I need to repeat things more times than most people do– whether for the time being because my method is messy and I don't have the background/experience, or whether it's simply the way it's going to be that way for me always– so be it! Repetition it shall be. Then the goal shall be to be to repeat myself as much as is necessary for it to set in.

I've kept some journals for some periods of time. I've exercised for some periods of time. I went completely cold turkey off cigarettes for a pretty good chunk of time. All of those things have fallen apart at some point or another, and while it does feel like the overall ground is something that I'm winning over time, it also feels like I'm depending on a lot of accidents and difficult circumstances, rather than making good calls and making good advances. It's an excruciating way of doing things– I'm literally doing the right thing only after exhausting all the other alternatives, and even then once in a while.

That's okay. That's progress. My goal now is to just do that again in a slightly better way. That's part of why I'm doing these vomits. I feel like if I commit to finishing them, it'll be like finishing a marathon of sorts– and then the challenge is to keep writing day after day, even if I feel like I don't really have anything in particular to say. I have got to stop censoring myself and to be willing to publish even gibberish if necessary. I feel like I have been slower with this project than I would've liked because I still have all these expectations that these vomits have to somehow be meaningful and important in some way, that they shouldn't embarrass me when I look back on them at the end of it.

But the thing is... the embarrassment is actually a non-issue if I never get to the end. I'd much rather be embarrassed at the low quality of work than be frustrated by the fact that the work never shipped at all. This is something that I'm still trying to retrain myself about. I was reading something from the Self-Help Psychology manual and it talked about the crap-gap, and how procrastinators are sometimes motivated to fail, because failure means not having any new responsibilities to worry about. And man, adulthood and growth is all about taking on more responsibilities. And I guess the reason that scares me is because I have no – or not much– precedent for that. The idea of being more responsible for more things simply sounds like more opportunities to fail. And in pursuing that thought, one of my strongest limiting beliefs reveals itself– this fundamental belief that I'm a sort of phony or fraud who is deeply incapable of being responsible, who will eventually find some way to fuck something up some how, and the more opportunities you give me to fuck things up, the likelier it is that something is going to get fucked up.

I'd like to state that I am dismantling this belief. I believe that I am perfectly capable of learning to become a responsible person, just as I would be capable of completing Metal Slug X with zero deaths, or completing any of the Streets of Rage games with zero deaths, or I might be capable of becoming good at World of Warcraft or Counterstrike or Starcraft. It just takes practice and reflection and reiteration. The same is the case with responsibility. I just need to get good at a few small things first and then allow that to snowball. So for tonight, the first thing I'm going to do is to cross the 300 vomit milestone as I had originally intended. If I have to pull a bit of a later night for it, so be it. I'm fulfilling a commitment to myself.

TLDR: Love the sinner, hate the sin.

Now I want to reflect on a rather liberating thought that I had awhile ago. I'm not sure if I wrote it down, so I'll write it down. Here it goes. I am a pattern in space-time that's trying to take care of itself. This amazing, wonderful assemblage of assemblages of atoms– condensations of energy– in systems that operate in tandem with one another. A circulatory system, a digestive system, an immune system, a nervous system, all these systems. Systems upon systems, the vast majority of which I have little to no control over, most of them making tonnes of decisions every single day without my intervention. Without them I'd be utterly screwed, I would cease to exist.

But despite all of this staggering complexity, the fact is that the part of me that I call I– the conscious decision-making I– is responsible for the whole shebang. And despite all of my fear and worry and anxiety and nervousness and guilt and shame– the fact is that I'm actually doing a pretty decent job. I've been able to feed myself and clothe myself and keep a roof over myself. I have of course benefitted tremendously from loads of things and people beyond my control– I was born into a country that is relatively rich, that has a functioning State that provides roads and public transportation and a justice system and all sorts of things that people in wealthy countries take for granted. I have enjoyed and continue to enjoy access to public libraries, and to the internet, and to food and water. All of these things are taken care of for me, which makes the messy business of existence and survival... actually a lot less messy for me than it might be for a lot of human beings in the world.

That said, I'm doing okay. I'm doing alright. I have many missed obligations, and I have upset and disappointed people I'm sure– I think I still regret all the nonsense that I put my teachers and peers through, and a part of me really wants to make amends for all of that. Maybe that's part of why I still sometimes have recurring dreams about me being in school and failing exams, or being tardy with homework and stuff like that. I'm never fully at ease because I'm always concerned about deadlines and promises and other things like that. I know that things are always suboptimal to some degree, everything is always missed and missing to some degree, but I can't shake the feeling that I'm not carrying my share of the weight, that I'm not doing enough, that any pleasure I do get in life is somehow stolen.

As I write this now I realize it sounds rather absurd, and it is my hope that I will be able to recognize the absurdity and laugh, and forgive myself for all of that. I'm thinking now again of the Divergent movie, where the protagonist faces off against herself in the final battle– and her dark side goes, "Nobody will ever forgive you"– and she has a flash of insight and she says, "No... because I will."

And I realize, cheesy as it sounds, that's something I sort of need to go through, too. I need to forgive myself as well. As long as I haven't forgiven myself, I'm just going to continue the same cycles and patterns that have been gnawing at me for so long. I'm not sure if the mere act of saying "Yes, I accept this as who I am, I forgive myself for all that nonsense, everything is okay now"– is going to make much of a difference. There's obviously a whole lot of action that needs to be taken after that. But I feel like I have been struggling to take all of those actions– they feel painful and messy, and there's something very deterrent about them– it feels like showing your face in a space where you know you're not welcome, and you'd much rather just quit or exit or die in some way that doesn't require you to have to face it. I'm not sure if that is exactly the case, but I still feel like I haven't yet "earned" the right to look at myself in the eye head on, to face up to reality head on and say "Hey, this is how it is right now, and it's okay."

I don't know. I can't even really talk about this without feeling like a bit of a fraud. How do I know I'm not rationalizing? Protip– I'm always rationalizing, there's no escaping that. Okay. Then what? Well... it feels like as long as I'm still a criminal inside my head, I'm still going to be indulging in criminal behaviors. A criminal does what is expected of a criminal, right? Call a person a criminal and they start behaving like one. So I need to start addressing myself differently. I need to start seeing myself differently. This goes back to the comfort/discomfort thing I talked about a few vomits ago. I should be enjoying this opportunity to correct this imbalance, because it's a glorious opportunity to take steps towards a better life– even if they're arbitrary steps towards an arbitrarily better life.

Does that mean I stop calling myself all the things that I call myself, and wipe the identity slate clean? It feels like there's some complexity there. Simply wiping the slate doesn't make things go away.

Here I realize I'm starting to veer into language that feels almost Christian– Jesus died to forgive your sins, so you can wipe your slate of sins clear, or something like that. I'm seeing how it can be a useful metaphor, and at the same time it can also be a crutch and I want to avoid crutches as much as possible. But of course, the obsessive refusal to use any sort of crutch is, itself, a sort of crutch in the sense that it prevents you from going very far. So I will take what I get. And I will be kind to myself and to others. And I will do better.
The procrastination equation has four parts:

expectancy, which is how much you genuinely believe you're likely to complete a task,
value, which is how important a task is to you– being able to see how something fits into a larger picture that you care about,
delay, which is how much time there is between the present moment and the payoff of completing a task (and/or the consequence of not completing it),
impulsiveness, which is I think a mix of individual distractability and the presence of distractions in the environment.

I think when I look at my past writing and thinking, a lot of it is focused on value– in the vomit about struggling with school, I talked about how it's easier to make sense of how important it is to do a job that pays the bill that keeps the roof over your head, as opposed to trying to make sense of doing work to prepare for a test which contributes to an exam grade which contributes to a piece of paper called a degree which then makes it likelier that you'll get a job (where you contribute in some small, micro way to some sort of value-creation engine), which will pay you money that you can then use to pay the bills that keep the roof over your head.

It does start to seem crazy when we begin optimizing intensively for such a specific way to solve the problem of the messy business of subsistence. It still seems crazy to me. Just because a lot of people do it doesn't necessarily mean it's the right thing to do, or necessarily a good thing for any particular person to do. But okay– staying away from questions of right and wrong, good and bad, there's simply the fact that the real value is much more removed in the second scenario. And the further I am from the value of something, the harder it is for me to compel myself to do it. It almost feels like something outside of my conscious control. I have to try and force myself, and my willpower muscle is weak.

So value is what I've been talking about when I'm trying to talk about the importance of coming up with narratives that make sense to you. If you know that your life's goal is to be a doctor, and you have no choice but to get great grades, and for that you have no choice but to study, and for that you have to prepare for your tests, then test preparation is in a sense meaningful, or valuable, or interesting– a lot more, at least, than for a person who has no idea what they want to do, and is deeply skeptical of whatever is projected as the Supposedly Good Thing. Especially when there are all these op-eds written by people who regret the premature optimization they did with their lives.

So it's important to "follow the money" and figure out what the value is for you. In everything that you're about to do, if there's a good reason to do it, you should surface that reason– at least, I know that I should– because it makes it much likelier that I'll do it. Creating value is like getting Karma or Likes or earning internet points. It's nice to help people.

So that's that about value. It's actually pretty straightforward. Figure out why you're doing what you're doing, and write it down so that you can't ignore it, and you're likelier to do it.

Expectancy is all about breaking down tasks into smaller tasks that are simpler and more manageable, more measurable. Rather than committing to some absurd outcome, commit to the processes that will get you closer to the outcome. Figure out what the factors are. So instead of saying "I must get straight A's", you might break it down into– to get an A for Chemistry, I need to practice these weak topics. Currently I'm at a C on average, because these are the parts that I get wrong."

Expectancy, then, is a function of deliberate practice, pushing yourself slightly out of your comfort zone a little bit each time, breaking down big scary things into small manageable chunks. Something that I tend to neglect because I have this odd bias for trying to do the big dramatic gesture, which I know now, after having been burnt several times. Every time I look at something that has gone undone for an extended period of time, I tend to start planning some sort of grand response in which everything gets done wonderfully all at once in this big heroic gesture. I need to really relearn that.

For example, I have been wanting to restring my acoustic guitar for quite some time. I have a post-it on the wall that says "restring acoustic guitar", and I have the guitar strings which I bought at some point– when I was buying new electric guitar. But now the prospect of restringing the acoustic guitar feels like it needs to be an event, like it'll take over an hour, from getting the pliers to pull out the pegs to cutting the old strings and cleaning the fretboard and putting on the new strings... when I state all of these sub-tasks, it becomes clearer that it's actually quite a quick-and-easy job and it's something that I can get out of the way and feel better about, but somehow when I haven't listed out the subtasks, it just becomes vague and it doesn't get done. I have this problem with vagueness– I try to solve problems in my head instead of breaking them down step by step, visually in front of me.

Really, I wanted to use this post to talk about impulsiveness, but I've spent so much time talking about expectancy and value that I might as well save it for the next vomit. In the meantime– delay is another big problem for me because if something isn't immediately in front of me, it becomes something that's so far away that it doesn't exist. This short sightedness causes a lot of anxiety, and I need to think about how to fix that. The stock answer is– take everything that's far away and break it down into little things that are due in arbitrary sooner-dates, and then tie some $$ or some costs to those dates so that they feel like real deadlines too, and you do something about them.

I've always put this stuff off. It's like my last line of defence, the "Ah, yes, that makes sense. *sage nod*", but no action.

*sage nod*

We'll get around to it. It's 230am now, so I should go to bed. 10 vomits today. I could try and do the last 5 tomorrow morning, but realistically that's not going to happen and I shouldn't make such empty promises. I should be satisfied with being at 295. We'll re-evaluate tomorrow.

A: Lately I've been feeling a little stifled and limited by the monologue format. It's just me talking over and over again, and some things seem harder to explain just by talking out loud.

B: How does a dialogue change anything?

A: I feel like it's going to make a difference, like it's going to allow me to explore things without necessarily taking sides. There's something about the monologue format that makes it harder to do certain thought experiments. For example, suppose I said something like, "I think people are disgusting."

B: Uhuh.

A: Somehow it feels worse if I'm saying it as some sort of confessional– because I don't actually think people are disgusting all the time. Actually, I don't know what I think. I think that's the problem– I think it's hard to express doubt, uncertainty and such in a monlogue without coming across as really... navel-gazy.

B: How's this any different?

A: I feel like it's easier to process. I feel like it's easier to breathe. It's easier to make sense of things by going back and forth over them, rather than simply by sitting on them and meditating endlessly.

B: Really?

A: Maybe, maybe not. In any case, the whole point of these vomits is for me to express myself and to write as much as I possibly can. And I feel like I've gone through a bunch of the same old ideas over and over again, and I'd like to cover more territory. And somehow I feel like I'm not comfortable covering certain territories because... writing in the first person feels like some sort of admission or confession. And I don't really want to admit or confess to anything, I just want to explore ideas!

B: So you're saying that somehow, by writing your perversions into some sort of fictional dialogue, you're not a pervert– your characters are.

A: Yes! Well– yes. I worry about what people will think of me.

B: Why?

A: You know. Respectability and stuff. I still have bills to pay. I still have friends and family to worry about. I don't want to embarrass everybody by writing about twisted, depraved shit. I wonder how Louis CK and George Carlin do it.

B: Well I suppose there's some sort of theatrics to it. They're rock stars. A rock star is the intersection of who you are and who you want to be. There's a certain plausible deniability built into the fact that they're performing, they're performers. They can pour their hearts and souls out on stage and then maintain a calm facade afterwards, as you have a conversation with them, and they'll tell you that it was an act.

A: Right. But the fact remains that the act was so powerful and profound because they were extremely honest in it. They were telling you what they really felt. George Carlin wouldn't say "Why is it that people at abortion rallies are people you wouldn't wanna fuck in the first place?" at a polite dinner conversation with his relatives, but he can say it on stage as a comedian. Does he really have those thoughts? Of course he does. Same for Chris Rock. "They spinni' nigga, they spinn'!"

B: We all wear different masks in different roles. You're just tired of your current mask and you'd like to wear a different one.

A: Yeah.

B: You're aware though, right, that there is no "true reality" underneath all the masks? There is nothing apart from the masks. We're wearing masks even in this conversation.

A: Sure. I think I've made my peace with that. I'm just really edgy and bored and feel like there are all these fuck-yous I want to say to the world– but maybe that's just me being imprecise, me not knowing how to express myself. Maybe instead of yelling at people or getting angry and frustrated, I should just write it into stories. I should write about people who have horrible things happening to them. I should reveal how circusy the world is by writing about it. And if people aren't going to listen to me when I go on an extended monologue, maybe I could turn it into a story.

B: That makes sense. A couple of things are coming to my mind. One is Obama's interview with Vox. You saw how well-composed he was during that one, and how he spoke with a quiet thoughtfulness. It's interesting to contrast that with when he was giving his hope-and-change rallies, and when he was informing the world that Osama bin Laden had been killed. And when he's singing Al Green, and when he's at the White House Correspondent's dinner. All of these sides of him are all equally valid, equally true, and yet they're so different.

A: Yeah. I want to be able to code-switch. It's not that I'm embarrassed about my "native tongue" or my native mode of being, but I feel like I can't even tell who I am without trying on something different, you know? Maybe that's why men sometimes wear women's underwear.

B: I thought they wear it because it's so soft and satin-y.

A: Isn't it too tight though?

B: Beats me.

A: See, now are the people reading this going to think that I've worn women's underwear, or that I'm thinking about wearing women's underwear?

B: That probably depends on whether they've worn or thought about wearing women's underwear themselves. Or if they're women, whether they've had partners who want to wear their underwear. Or it depends on what they've read.

A: But see, I don't wear women's underwear. I just think it's INTERESTING to think about the people who wear women's underwear, and to explore that idea. And for the record, I don't think it should be embarrassing to wear whatever the fuck you like. I don't judge anybody for whatever they wear, or whatever kinky thoughts they might have. I wish we lived in a world where we could all just share our kinky thoughts and not be judged for it.

B: Sure, you do you, dude. Why do you feel a need to point out that you don't wear women's underwear, though?

A: Because I guess I'm still nervous and scared that people will think of me weirdly.

B: It doesn't matter if they do, though.

A: That... is true.

B: So do you wear women's underwear?

A: Nah.
A: I don't know. I look around and nothing is interesting. I know that I'm not the first person to say this, I know that lots of people have said this sort of thing over the years in many different contexts. What I want to know is what I ought to do about it.

B: Well, what do you think you ought to do about it?

A: I think... other people are usually a mirror to ourselves. We see what we want to see– or we focus on what we're concerned about, what we're worried about, what bothers us.

B: So....

A: I am boring and predictable.

B: I'm sure you already knew that.

A: Yes, but why does that bother me? What's wrong with being boring and predictable?

B: I suppose it must get stale.

A: Yes. It feels like wasted opportunity. It feels like stasis. We've got an eternity to be in stasis after we're dead, so why am I like this while I'm still alive? What will it take for me to truly live?

B: You know you're probably never going to answer that question. Or rather, maybe, you'll only truly live when you are able to let go of that question. You're living in your head, constantly asking questions, and the questioning is kicking up a dust that prevents you from living, whatever that means.

A: Yeah. I suppose I should stop and look at the clouds for a while.

B: You should. They're pretty beautiful.

*they pause to look at the clouds*

A: *a while later* So what then? What next?

B: It's entirely up to you.

A: My original sentiment hasn't changed. I still feel like I'm in a boring environment, and I'd like it to be more interesting. I recognize and acknowledge that "boring environment" is a function of the lens that I use to look at it, so I ought to change my lens. What do I need to change about my lens?

B: Well... you say that people are boring and predictable. What might be interesting and unpredictable about people?

A: That's a good question. I think... people get interesting and unpredictable, at least a little bit more so than usual, when you get them talking about themselves beyond the script.

B: How do you get people talking beyond the script?

A: I have some vague ideas but I'm not absolutely certain– if I were, I wouldn't have this problem.

B: Let's try it out. Do you think I'm boring and predictable?

A: Nope, you're pretty smart.

B: What makes you say that?

A: You ask a lot of questions. You make me think and question things.

B: So...

A: So maybe what I need to do is ask more questions.

B: That seems like a fair course of action to take, yup.

A: Do you find ME boring?

B: *tilts head* I... never thought to think about that.

A: Doesn't it bother you that you've never thought to think about that?

B: Not really. Like you said, boring is a function of the lens you use to view the world.

A: So what is your lens? How do you make sense of the world?

B: I'm not sure if I do. I just pay attention to whatever's in front of me. In this case, right now, you.

A: What are you going to do afterwards?

B: Pay attention to whatever's in front of me.

A: That sounds quite liberating, actually.

B: It is.

A: So what's in front of me right now?

B: This conversation we're having. We're getting a little meta here.

A: I think meta-conversations can be interesting, but sometimes it's also a bit of a copout. We go meta as quickly as we can and that makes us feel like the issues we were trying to address never got around to being addressed.

B: Sure. So what's the issue here?

A: I have some sort of itch or desire that's being unmet.

B: Describe it.

A: I want to be surprised. I want to be delighted. I want to be excited. I want to be in awe.

B: Those are nice things. What do you have to do to get those things done?

A: I have to change my behavior. I have to do something I've never done before. I've to get into environments that I've never gotten into before.

B: What would you like to do, where would you like to go?

A: I'd like to make YouTube videos, for some reason. I feel like that's a whole world I haven't explored. I'd like to go to the gym, but I haven't figured out the logistics of going to the gym near my place. And if things aren't clear, I don't do them. Finally, I'd like to get all my work done, but for some reason I'm finding that really hard.

B: The videos, do them. The gym, figure out the logistics. What's stopping you from doing your work?

A: I suppose it's a kind of fear, uncertainty, doubt.

B: What are you afraid of, what are you uncertain of, what are you doubtful of?

A: I'm afraid that things will be crappy. I'm uncertain of whether any of this makes a difference. I'm doubtful that I can consistently deliver great value.

B: Okay. What's wrong with crappy? What difference do you want to make? Why do you doubt your own consistency?

A: People will laugh at me, or realize I'm a fraud. I want to be an asset, not a liability, so I can be happy and comfortable– not necessarily exhilarated and indulgent, just not-worried and not-anxious. And... I've never been consistent before, so I have a lot of reason to doubt my own consistency.

B: Let's try this. You are a fraud. Ha ha ha. Fraud. You are a liability. And you will never be consistent, ever.

A: That's... hm.

B: Hm?

A: I won't stand for that.

B: Why not?

A: Because this is my life and I don't have to be those things if I don't like them.

B: Yup. So...

A: So I start from zero.

B: Yup.
A: I feel like I've accumulated a lot of baggage that's wearing me down and keeping me from living my life.

B: Why not put it down?

A: I don't know how.

B: Okay. What is this baggage?

A: There's a bunch of stuff I feel guilty and ashamed about.

B: Such as?

A: I wasn't a good student. I wasn't really a great son. I disappointed a lot of people. I let a lot of people down.

B: You know, people don't care about you nearly as much as you think they do. They've all got their own shit to worry about.

A: I know, and I was a part of that shit. I gave people shit. I'm responsible for that.

B: Well, good on you for being self-aware, but so what? What are you going to do about it?

A: I should make amends.

B: How?

A: Well... I should reach out to all the people I let down, and make things better.

B: Such as?

A: My teachers? I feel like I was a nuisance in class and I never got to apologize for that.

B: That's fairly easy. Just call them up, look them up on Facebook, buy them drinks, say sorry.

A: That's true. I can do that.

B: What else?

A: I think my parents always wanted me to be educated, to go to University. I never did.

B: Does that bother you?

A: Kinda. Also they spent a lot of money, I'm sure, and I'd like to pay that back.

B: You know they don't really care, as long as you're happy and safe.

A: I suppose. But I feel like I owe a debt of some sort.

B: How do you think you'll pay that stuff back?

A: I suppose I should just be thrifty, save money, and if there are instances where I can help them, I should reach out and help them. They're going to get older and they're going to die one day, and I'd like them to see that they raised a responsible adult who can take care of them.

B: What do you need to do in order to get that done?

A: I need to save money. And if possible I'd like to make more money.

B: How much money do you actually need?

A: I don't know. I've been telling myself things like, I want to be a millionaire. I want to pay off my housing loan as fast as possible so that I can be totally free. But I'm starting to see how that can be a bit of a trap. That's how people become bankers and lawyers and then spend so much time in their careers that they realize 5-10 years later that they've paid off their homes, but they never really nourished their relationships with anybody and they feel desperate and anxious and alone... and then they buy themselves a fancy car.

B: Yeah. How're you going to avoid that?

A: I realize that I should think about it in terms of managing resource flows, rather than trying to strive for an absolute number. It's like managing your resources in Starcraft or some other RTS. It's not about saving up a ton of minerals from the moment you start the game– because then you get slaughtered by the enemy who's been building troops and whatnot. Rather you have to protect your flows, and always be producing.

B: That makes sense. So what should you be producing, you think?

A: Well, these word vomits are a part of it. I should be writing my whole life, before and after I become financially independent. And I don't need to be magnificently independent overnight, or over the next couple of years. I just need to have enough freedom to do the things I want to do, I need to have have a bit more security each day, a bit more knowledge, a bit more freedom.

B: That makes sense. So you're going to pay attention to your cashflows, resource flows, etc?

A: Yeah. I'm not sure if I've ever done that effectively before. But I need to learn, right? It's just a game, like any video game I've played.

B: Sure. You said things were boring and predictable. Well, this is an opportunity for things to get interesting and unpredictable. You're going to do something you haven't done before, you have little to no experience. What's more interesting and unpredictable than that?

A: You have a point. I don't know.

B: So it sounds like... you're surveying the reality that you're already familiar with, and then dismissing it as boring. Of course it's boring. The first time you do something it's science, then it's engineering, then it's just going through the motions. Of course it's going through the motions– you're revisiting stuff that you've figured out already!

A: That... sounds true.

B: So if you want life to be interesting you have to step out of your comfort zone and do things you've never done before. Like maybe go to the gym right now, in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday when you know it won't be crowded.

A: That... sounds true.

B: What else are you guilty and ashamed about?

A: I suppose I feel like I'm not contributing as much as I should be. I feel like I am capable of more, but I'm not measuring up to that.

B: How do you know your measurements are valid? Didn't you say a while ago that you have a problem of underestimating problems and overestimating your ability?

A: Yeah...

B: So. If you underestimate problems and overestimate your ability, isn't it fair to say that you're contributing as much as you're actually capable of? The current high-water mark of your current output is your ability. So– for example, take your word vomits. You like to fantasize and think you might be able to write 30,000 or 40,000 words in a day. Realistically, the most you've ever written is 11,000. You did 21,000 over two days.

Yes, if you were more focused, if you managed your time better, there is nothing in the laws of physics and the universe that says you can't write 40,000 words in a day. (That's over 40 words per waking minute, by the way. If you sleep 8 hours.) But all we really know for a fact is that your current personal best is 11,000 in one day, 21,000 in two. You will ALWAYS produce less than what you THINK you can maximally produce, if you work from first principles. That's just reality. You're a human that needs to breath and eat and piss and shit, and your brain isn't a machine.

A: Yeah.
B: So the more interesting question to ask, I think, is why do you feel this way? Why do you constantly overestimate yourself? Why do you carry all this guilt and shame, that's mostly imagined?

A: I suppose it must be serving some sort of self-interest. The saboteur-bum.

B: Do you find that metaphor useful for you?

A: Actually... not as much as I had hoped. I hoped it would've motivated me to defeat him. Instead... I find myself sort of using him to explain things. I'm being passive about it.

B: If you're okay with it, then be okay with it.

A: I suppose... as long as I'm having difficulty sleeping at night and I don't feel happy to be waking up in the morning, there is some sort of problem that I ought to address.

B: If you say so.

A: Yeah. I guess it's this weird, twisted...

B: Not that weird. Not that twisted. It's pretty normal. People like to come up with stories that make them feel like they didn't have much of a choice. It allows you to give up, give in, surrender to fate. You just put up a socially acceptable amount of resistance– you whine and bitch as much as it takes– until you get tired, or until you feel like you're justified, and then you go on living the same way, doing the same thing. You complain about drama, but really, you're guilty of perpetuating it inside your own head.

A: You don't have to put it that way...

B: No, I don't. I'm not sure if there's a more polite way of describing it– if I figure it out I'll let you know. But in the meantime– would you disagree?

A: I guess not. And I suppose that must be why I'm so exhausted in a psychological sense. Because I'm carrying a sort of double act. I was just telling some guy on Hacker News a while ago that that was his problem, too. That he was a fraud, because he claimed to be ambitious but admitted that he spent a lot of time vegging out online or in front of the TV. He described a gnawing feeling in his chest that I think I have too, and the reason I think I have that is because of the "complain about drama but perpetuate it anyway" situation you just described.

B: Right. Very good. You've got it figured out. But that's the part you're good at. The part you're not so good at is following up. How are you going to followup here?

A: I've been using a phrase over and over again lately, which is self-flagellation. When I hear the word I think of those guys in the Philippines who literally flog themselves until I bleed, and I think about how overblown and ridiculous that is. They might get off on it psychologically somehow, and experience some sort of exalted high, but when I look at it I just see something that seems absurd. I hope by using the phrase and letting it sink into my subconscious, I'll start to associate it with my own behavior. I self-flagellate too, only with my emotions and self-talk instead of a whip. But it's equally absurd.

B: So what is the next step?

A: I guess the first thing is to put the whip down.

B: How do you do that?

A: Recognize when I'm doing it. Forgive myself. Blah blah. You've already heard this stuff.

B: Okay– what are we missing then? If you already know this stuff so well, why haven't you implemented it?

A: That old bullshit about how knowing intellectually isn't the same as knowing-by-doing. Knowledge is not techne, however you want to word it– you know what I mean. Dr. Russell Barker talked about this right? An ADHD person will know exactly what to do and yet not do it.

B: Well– why? You watched the talk. What did he say was the problem?

A: Something about... blah blah blah it doesn't really matter. This is far more effort than it needs to be. All of this is just bad habits, old patterns. I just need to shake it off.

B: This sounds familiar. You've said this before.

A: I suppose I need to get into shorter and shorter cycles of actions. The longer time I spend between actions, the more I get into this stupid funk. I need to be aware in lots of little bursts. Hey, I restrung my guitar today. I did the dishes. I do all these little things. Spent the past few vomits talking about how it would be nice to go to the gym. Well, I should fucking go to the gym. Enough talking.

B: Sounds like you're getting somewhere. But what's going to stop you?

A: Nothing. I'm going to do it.

B: What's different?

A: I guess it's self talk. I guess it's learning how to make the self-talk crescendo and modify the mood. Everything is a remix, right? And there are different streams of thought in my head, at different levels, different volumes. I need to bring some good things out of the mix, and put the bad things lower in the mix. These things will never go away but I need to take little actions. Hey, I'm doing these vomits and vomits are something, right? I've completed 30% of the journey that I set out for myself.

B: That's good stuff, I'm proud of you for getting this far. You still have 70% to go.

A: Yup. And along the way I guess to move faster I need to work out. I need to stop mapping out the same map that I already having, and explore the uncharted territory. In this case it's a very clear grey fog of war area between my house and my workplace and the gym. I don't know how to get to the gym, even. I haven't figured out what steps I need to take. And I know that when things are vague, they don't happen.

B: So...

A: So I'm going to the gym. Bye. Will write more later.

A: So.

B: So?

A: I went to the gym and I feel fucking incredible. I did a few big compound exercises until I started to feel my body kinda entering the slightly queasy "I'm almost pushing myself too hard" zone, had the wisdom to stop. Bought a protein shake and a chicken burger, and then had fishandchips (slightly overkill, but hey, train hard, eat big) and then shipped something for work. And I'm done, and it's just midnight, and I'm going to write this word vomit and I'm going to bed.

B: Nice. What did you learn?

A: Wait, before that I have to remind myself of something. I usually have this habit of waxing all lyrical about something after I have a nice first experience with it, but the real important thing for me is to focus on the next instance. Like– sometimes when something good happens, I get so excited and happy about the good thing, that it feels like I spend all my happiness and joy on that moment and then I don't have another moment like it until far too late.

B: So...

A: I need to commit to my next gym session. I should train about 3 times a week– I think when I'm starting out I'll go every three days. Today was Thursday. So I'll go next on Sunday.

B: How do you know you won't end up skipping it?

A: It feels like the dominant thing on my mind. I'll be reminding myself of it constantly. Also I'm definitely going to be aching. And we're going to have this conversation. Every day. Until I go again.

B: Heh. That could work. We'll see. So–

A: What did I learn? Oh man. The act of going to the gym actually reminded me of when I cooked chicken a while ago, for the first time.

B: What.

A: Yeah– in both cases I was putting off something that intellectually I knew would be a good thing to do.

B: Why were you putting it off?

A: Well... for the chicken, I didn't know anything. I didn't know what to expect. I didn't know how to prepare. I didn't know how to cut it. I didn't know what cutting board to use. It's not that the answers to these questions are particularly difficult, it's just that– people who know how to do something, they have a set of neat and tidy questions in their head, lined up in a neat row, and then they just ask themselves those questions. Like– as adults we know, if you lose something in your house, you can start by looking for it one room at a time. You go through each drawers in a cabinet, check under the bed, be thorough as possible. You cross out each thing as you go, so you don't need to double check this. As a child, this might not be so obvious. You lose something and you have no idea where it is, where to look, what to do.

B: A little hard to remember what it's like to be a child with no real sense of logical deduction...

A: Hrm, there has to be a better example. The problem is, when you're good at something, you don't really know what the questions you're asking– because you've internalized them. Unconscious competence. Right? So like, when... (I'm actually struggling to think of a particular thing here... okay, video games). When you play Grand Theft Auto, for example, or when you play a first person shooter for the first time, there are a whole bunch of things you take for granted. You know that moving the mouse moves the scope, you expect that you click a button to fire, you expect a menu screen, some sort of reloading, so on and so forth.

Now a smart person who picks up a video game console for the first time– and lets imagine they live in this hypothetical parallel world where they've never really closely observed anybody playing video games before, never played any games themselves– if they don't know what to expect, they're going to be very confused. It will take a while to figure out how all the parts work together. Even things like, put in the CD into the CD drive. Suppose they've never seen a CD or Playstation before, and they've never seen a controller, that sort of thing.

B: So you're saying that, you're like that person who's never played a video game...?

A: Exactly. I'm a person who's never cooked, and never really been particularly independent. I typically just follow people who know what they're doing. I order the same things over and over again in public. I stick to these familiar, simple patterns and try not to expose myself too much because then I'll screw up terribly. Imagine being on a football pitch in the middle of a professional soccer game, and you have no idea what the rules of soccer are, and you've never kicked a ball in your life. It'll take you some time to figure out what's going on, and it'll get messy.

B: I'm still not quite sure what you're getting at here.

A: Right– so what do you do when you're thrown into the deep end of the pool? Or rather– if you don't know how to swim, what should you do? You start by dipping your toes in the water, get your hands wet, rub the water all over your body, then get into the water and walk around in it, hold your breath under it, get comfortable in it. I've done some of this but not nearly as systematically as I'd like. The early stages of escalation are fairly straightforward, but at some point you reach the end of your comfort zone, and then it's hard.

B: What was out of your comfort zone with the gym? You've been to the gym before.

A: Yes. If a gym magically was available either right in front of my house, or a short bus ride away, or somewhere near work, etc, then I would've done it. But the closest gym to my house is a long walk away, and I didn't know what the optimal walking path to it was.

B: You could've found out.

A: Yeah. Also there's this Active.SG thing where they don't quite just let you pay for entry, you have to signup for all sorts of really creepy invasive stuff where the government tracks your fitness habits.

B: Er...

A: Point is, the more steps there are between me and something I want to do, and the less clear or obvious what each of these steps are, the likelier it is that I want do it, even if I know it needs to be done. I'm incredibly, incredibly bad at breaking things down and doing things one step at a time. My game plan for things is to sort of throw everything up in the air and hope it all comes together beautifully by itself. I do the workings in my head. This works for like, simple maths sums in primary school. It has completely failed me for most important things since JC, but it's worked well in some things– like improvising responses on social media, or arguing with people.

B: I see. So you're... averse to doing things in a step-by-step fashion?

A: I'm not sure if I'd use the word averse. I lack practice. I'm unskilled.

B: That's excellent. Then all you need to do is practice breaking things down into their components and doing them one by one.

A: That's true.

A: I need some help.

B: That's what I'm here for.

A: I'm having some sort of cold feet situation, experiencing some sort of resistance.

B: Describe it.

A: Well– I've been married for two years, I've been working for two years. I'm making a decent amount of money, and I love my colleagues. But I'm starting to feel like I'm stagnating.

B: What do you mean by stagnating?

A: I suppose it feels like I haven't achieved any results lately that I'm particularly proud of.

B: What would you have to do in order to feel a sense of pride?

A: I guess I would have to personally make a substantial difference to my team's outcome.

B: And what would you have to do to do that?

A: I'd have to work from first principles and figure out what the most important thing is. I managed to do this pretty well with a single post a while ago, almost entirely by accident, but by following my curiosity.

B: What do you have to do now to make a difference now?

A: Right. There are a few things, I guess. I need to learn more about this tool that we're using, that I've never used before and I'm not familiar with. I also need to restructure the way we've been doing things– we're changing targets, focusing on one subset of what we were doing before, pretty much at the expense of everything else. That's a little scary.

B: So what are you going to do?

A: Well... before I started thinking about this, I was also thinking about some other stuff. Mainly, I'm feeling excited about the vomits I'm doing, and about potentially doing a lot of reading, a lot of book reviews, about working out. All of these things outside of work. And when I combine that with the fact that I'm a little nervous about whether I'll be able to continue to deliver–

B: You wonder if you should quit now, before you get discovered as an incompetent fraud.

A: Wow. Uh, yeah, I guess.

B: So what do you think you should do?

A: I guess I've been here before– that is, I've been in this headspace before. I always seem extra excited about peripheral things when I'm afraid of whatever's in front of my face– like how I got more excited about playing music when my exams were looming near.

B: Uhuh.

A: But I also think I always say the right things whenever I'm having a conversation with somebody who's role is to hold me accountable. If I'm talking to my boss, or my wife, I find myself saying different things from when I'm on my own. And I wonder if I'm a fraud in that regard.

B: Different roles, different masks.

A: But so what do I do?

B: You tell me.

A: I think... I need to realize another thing, too, which is that I don't really get a ton of stuff done when I have a bunch of free time. I have no precedent for this, and it's a little bit naive of me to think that if I just– I don't know, quit my job or something– that I'd suddenly get a whole bunch of things done. Rather, once the main source of pressure is removed, I'd probably become a bum.

B: And therefore...?

A: I need to confront my fear head on. I know that I have an amazing opportunity in front of me, colleagues that I love, admire and want to support. I know that I want to learn and grow– if I quit now, I'd have quit right at the edge of my comfort zone, before I really broke out of my old role and grew into a new one that would be enriching and full of learning. I've always said that real life is supposed to be about learning, more so than school and university and whatnot. And here real life is presenting me with this chance to take everything to the next level, to grow into something beyond what I was originally hired to do. It's a brilliant opportunity.

B: So what are you afraid of? What's stopping you?

A: I think if I pay attention to my fears with things like cooking and going to the gym– not exactly a fear, sometimes just a sort of lethargy when trying to solve an equation with some unknowns– what I've learnt is that I change my entire perspective on things just by filling in some of the unknown values. If I'm worried about something, I can just get feedback from people and tell them "this thing that I'm working on, it's just a sketch of sorts, tell me what could be better?" And once I do that I have a lot more certainty about the value of what I'm doing.

So... if I carry on that line of reasoning, I owe it to myself to figure out what the unknowns are before I think about giving up. Because once I figure out the unknowns, it becomes so much easier to do, that doing it becomes almost a no-brainer. Right? Making Pasta B is a no brainer when the only difference is tweaking one little thing from Pasta A. The problem is– when I haven't properly evaluated the situation, I just get nervous and edgy at the whole thing and I wait for external circumstances to collapse around me so that I can claim that my hand was forced. I was actually pointing out this behavior in one of my friends, because I recognized it in myself. I now have an opportunity to address it.

B: Are you sure you're not just saying these things because you're talking to me?

A: That's the magical thing, isn't it? I'm talking to me.

B: You're not going to end on that sort of cheesy note, are you?

A: No– I think I'll end with this: This is a chance to break a pattern, and it's something that's in an environment with stakes. Doing a fuckton of writing and book reviews and stuff, IF I do it, would be a pattern break, too, but not nearly as amazing as this one. This is the next "quit smoking" type pattern-break– proof that I have well and truly transcended my previous limitations. This would be me breaking out of the box I'm currently in, as Tobi described them.

And I think that's a lot more exciting than just reading a bunch of books and writing a bunch of reviews.

B: Yep. Anyway, how was the gym workout?

A: I am so sore, dude.

A: Well, I remember in the few weeks right before I finally hit the gym, I was feeling very edgy and anxious– I know, I know I always describe myself as edgy and anxious, but this one was slightly different. This one... I started having weird thoughts. I felt like I wanted to fuck something– I don't mean that in a particularly sexual sense. I felt like I needed to break something, maybe.

B: And that's new?

A: Well... I feel like it has something to do with me sitting at a desk at work all day, and then going on a very depressing, crushed-like-sardines commute every single day, almost 3 hours worth of that. Every day. And I come home and I'm in this little box of a house. I take some walks, and sometimes I go for a run, but I felt like I was getting really stifled. I know this is really bro-sciency, but I started feeling rather whiny and lethargic.

And then I hit the gym– I did some big, compound movements with the barbell– just a few short, powerful sets. I could feel it in my spine. I found myself thinking about Arnold Schwarzenegger talking about how he felt like he was cumming in the gym, and how he was in heaven.

It's so hard to talk about this in ordinary language, it almost feels like ordinary language is a little neutered. But I've been feeling like I really wanted to fuck something, and somehow lifting a heavy ass weight (relative to what I normally lift– probably a puny weight to people who lift regularly) felt like it hit the spot for me.

B: Hm. Well... you know that you don't actually have any idea what you're talking about, phenomenologically.

A: Yeah, which is annoying. I'm no scientist. I'm not fitness expert. I'm no nutrition expert. I don't know shit about hormones. Everything I know is just random stuff that I've read from magazines and the Internet. But what I do know for a fact is that I felt a very real, physical change– and not just physical, it felt like a change in the mind. It felt like I was washing my brain, in a good way.

B: So what are you going to do about it?

A: Well, for starters, I really feel like now is the time for me to start working out regularly. I don't want to overwork myself, but I'm going to go roughly every 3 days. Once this crazy soreness subsides, I'm going to do it again. And then I'm going to eat heavy and put on some bloody weight.

B: Tell me more about your weight stuff.

A: Have I written about this before? I'm sure I have, but here it is again. I've always felt really weak and skinny, and I never really knew very much to do about it. I would go to the gym from time to time, and lift some weights. But I was always nervous about squats, because I was so weak and so unsure about how to do them. And I'd typically be afraid of lifting too heavy, in case somebody scolded me or something. I don't know. I would spend too long in the gym, for some reason.

And then I wouldn't eat very much. I've always had bad eating habits, and back then I felt broke and I didn't feel like I could spend a lot of money on food. And I also suppose I didn't know how to prepare food, either. Now I could theoretically bulk up just eating lots of eggs and drinking lots of milk. I used to hate white milk, and chocolate milk leaves that chalky aftertaste that makes it hard to drink tonnes of it of... and now I'm consuming a lot more. I think.

B: So what's changed?

A: I think I've gotten older and I've realized that I don't want to go on like this. I don't want to be a 25 year old skinny guy who doesn't eat enough. I don't want to continue to be self conscious. I want to have big muscular legs and arms and shoulders. I want people to get out of my way when I'm trying to get somewhere. I want to feel like I can stand tall and not have to fold myself up into a tiny space– something I always do. I always feel like I'm "apologizing" for being tall and skinny, and I feel like if I had more meat on my bones, if I literally took up more mass as a human being, then I would be justified in taking up the space that my frame needs in order for me to feel comfortable. And I'd get rid of all my Medium sized t-shirts once and for all, and permanently be a Large, maybe even an XL some day. And I'd be happy and eager to buy me some proper shirts that fit.

B: It bothers you that you don't fit in?

A: I'm happy to be a deviant person intellectually, even socially. But I don't like it when I feel like my very proportions as a person are out of wack. I don't like how it affects my social interactions. I don't like being that oddly lanky guy, you know? A big guy is fine if he's well proportioned. But the person who's oddly lanky (or oddly short– I feel so bad for oddly short guys, because there's really not very much they can do about it– and it seems like the solution for them is to get buff too, because everybody can respect a healthy amount of powerful muscle).

B: So you want to get fit so that people will like you more?

A: In a sense yes, but I think more fundamentally it's so that I'll be more comfortable in my skin around people. I don't mind if people don't like me, I just don't want it to be because I look like an awkward gangly guy. If somebody says "Why are you so buff," (what a fantasy), I can smile and shake it off easily. When they go "Eh, you're very skinny", I don't know what to say.

B: That's cute. You have body issues.

A: An unfortunate side effect of living in meatspace as a meatbag. See, if we all lived in a virtual reality this would be a non-issue.

B: I'm sure people are working on that.
A: I want to confess that I seem to enjoy confessions a little too much.

B: Are you using me to get yourself off? You're a sick son of a bitch.

A: Yes. I mean, no. Um, this isn't what you're supposed to say.

B: What, am I supposed to say nice, soothing, supportive things all the time?

A: I don't know. I guess...?

B: You thought wrong. You're depraved and you need help.

A: Isn't that what you're here for?

B: Well...

A: Gotcha.

B: I'm judging you. This is my "I'm judging you" face.

A: So anyway. I'm wondering if confessions are somehow toxic and if I should stop doing them.

B: Clearly you're not going to.

A: How can you say that? You don't know if that's true.

B: I don't, but you have almost 700,000 more words to write. There's no way you're going to make it to the end without a few confessions.

A: That's probably true. Feels kinda mean, though.

B: Deal with it, bruh.

A: Well you're stuck here with me anyway, so I'm just going to keep going. I think... there are two points of view that I'm sympathetic to. The first is this idea that vulnerability and honesty is important and cathartic. The Brene Brown sorta thing. And at the same time, I don't want to fall into the trap of being this overwhelming bleeding heart, bleeding all over everybody. That's just nasty. Nobody should have to put up with that shit.

B: I'm standing right here, you know.

A: You're different. I'm inventing you for my own purposes. I made you up. You exist to serve my needs. This exchange is happening so I can spare other people my bullshit.

B: Your sweetness knows no bounds.

A: Yeah so I think the second school of thought is this idea that a man– maybe all people, but there's definitely a gendered aspect to it– a man should handle his own goddamn feelings, figure out his own problems, and not communicate doubt and fear and anxiety unnecessarily to people. But what is necessary? What is a reasonable, healthy, acceptable amount? How do you draw the line?

B: *sigh* I'm sure you already know the answer. What do you think?

A: Well– I guess it's not a purely objective thing. It seems to be an outcome driven sort of thing. If you have people counting on you, you shouldn't be breaking down and bleeding– that makes it harder for them to count on you. Unless, of course, you actually need help. If you need help then you should ask for help. But asking for help should be done in a firm, confident way, such that people know that they CAN help. I think everybody loves to help people if they know they can help, but nobody likes to be stuck in a nasty situation where there's no way out.

B: Sounds about right.

A: So if I really need to whine, I can just whine to you. Anybody who wants to opt in and hear this crap is free to do it if they want to, but I won't allow it to be a part of my personal life. I won't burden people with my idiosyncratic nonsense.

B: Only me.

A: Yup. For now. Maybe eventually I'll grow out of this. How will you feel then, huh? You might not even have a reason to exist.

B: Are you implying that you have a reason to exist?

A: Well– CAN YOU NOT

B: Hee hee. You're not the only one who's allowed to have fun, you know.

A: Yeah. I guess I'm prematurely optimizing this. I'll just do what feels right at each moment, and sometimes spend a little time thinking about what the future might be like, but the most important thing is that...

B: You're being a little convoluted.

A: Let me start over. I'm not sure about what is an appropriate amount of confession for me to... confess. I know for certain that it's better for me to keep my confessions in these little bounded vomits, so that I can live my life without feeling like I've burdened people with my nonsense. So that's a step in the right direction. But I'm now wondering if I should eventually get to a point where I don't even need to confess at all. Or, framed another way, I wonder if the act of confession– the constant need for some sort of peer validation, some sort of "there, there" from somebody– even if it's inside my own head– is keeping me from growing up, keeping me as a child of sorts.

B: What does growing up look like to you?

A: Well, growing up is when I'm a good parent to myself. When I'm taking care of business. When I'm sustainable, when my health– physical, psychological, emotional, social, all of those things– are well taken care of, and I'm able to help other people as well. When I make other people healthier just by being in my presence, because I'm so helpful and kind and loving and gracious and inspiring.

B: You have lofty aims for a validation addict. Are the two related?

A: That seems very likely, actually. Do I really want to be kind, or do I just want all the good feelings that come with being kind? I think David Foster Wallace drove himself crazy thinking about this, and clearly there are some sort of paradoxes and Zen puzzles here to be contemplated. The reality of it is probably that the distinction doesn't matter, all that matters is actually being healthy. The labels aren't all that helpful.

B: So what are your next steps?

A: Well right now I'm done with this so I'm going to go to bed. I suppose next I ought to do some of the work we talked about in the previous vomits– the outlining of unknowns. And once I'm done with that I guess we can have more to talk about.

B: Oh, joy. :-P

One was a phrase by Venkat in one of his essays, talking about how– the reason occupy wall st didn't work out, ultimately, was because the protesters didn't really have any cards to play, any real bargaining chips. I think that's a powerful thing– that ultimately you always need power and leverage to do whatever you want to do.

Another was something in /r/marriedredpill, which talked about how... there's your intellectual aspect, physical aspect, emotional aspect– and talking to people on the internet can only somewhat help you with the first, maybe the last. There will always be something you have to work on that nobody can quite help you with, and wanting to talk about it, oddly enough, ust distracts you from doing it.

And finally something I figured out on myself that was semi-counter-intuitive– which is the cost of having too much information and context. (well– paul graham wrote something that corresponds with that– which is that people who end up in charge of Facebook and Microsoft etc never set OUT to do those things– because those things are fucking crazy. instead they just solve little problems in front of their face, and it leads them there).

For me, I was playing around with what I know about product development, and how that model might correspond to personal development. I realize– in both cases, development requires a constant, endless stream of energy. and new energy only gets infused into the system when you have a win.

So whether you're trying to become swole, write a novel or ask a girl out, or build a startup– in all cases, what you want is to get to your simplest win as quickly as possible. when you have to choose between more information and sooner action, you have to pick sooner action. the only information you really need is "what not to do because it will kill you / damage you horribly / have lasting negative effects".

Because this win will give you the added energy you need to then begin your next round of research, your next attempt.

Otherwise you're just going to sit there in your research stage, observation stage. witnessing the world, looking at it, thinking about it, thinking about your thoughts about it, reading more, learning more– but not acting, not doing

And the more information you have the more you know how things can go wrong. And the costlier action begins to take. And it's also I guess self-serving– your "research department" will always demand more resources and time and energy to do more research, just as each department in a company is self-serving and will ask for more $$ to do more marketing, more HR, etc etc. The military will always ask for more $$ from the Government.

Pause.

I realize I spent way too much time collecting data, processing data, and cycling that over and over again.

If you're familiar with the OODA loop– observe, orient, decide, act – I would observe, observe, maybe orient, maybe sorta-decide, observe again, ad nauseum.

And at 24 going on 25 i realize this is not how i want to live my life. I wonder if i was thinking of everything up until now as a sort of preparatory phase. "I'm a boy, not a man." I'm a student, not a practitioner. I don't know what the precise transition point is (or if there is one at all) but i realize i've passed it at some point.

Adulthood is becoming your own parent, cleaning up after your own shit, setting your own boundaries, charting your own course, listening to yourself... and hopefully helping others do the same.

If I could go back in time, i would weed out so much bullshit. (I suppose the important lesson then is to ask– what is the bullshit that I'm practicing now, that I'll wish I had weeded out?) A lot of all that talk was just trying to fill up time and space to avoid the difficult things.

I wish i worked out more, quit smoking earlier, reflected on my actions rather than my feelings and worldviews and philosophy and such.

To be kinder to myself i suppose i was a product of my circumstances up until then, to some degree. maybe. i never really, REALLY had anybody look me in the face and well and truly say "well, you're in charge of your life now." I don't know. talking about it feels weird. I don't want to bitch about it. everybody has their shitty starting conditions, and being born in singapore is already better than 99% of the world.

TL:DR

- collecting information/data (apart from basic principles about what direction to face and what to avoid) has very high opportunity cost and is self-serving, a kind of addiction no different from porn or cigarettes
- adulthood is self-parenting
- everyone should lift heavy ass weights

I think I left out some stuff about how I feel about social media. I have a lot of feels about those things... but it would just be whining, and at best it would be articulate whining that other whiners would relate to and celebrate me for. So weirdly, i'm starting to empathize with the position that some things are probably best left unsaid, even if you're the only person (as far as you know) who can really say them.

To temporarily fall into a trap but to get out of it right away– I'm tired of everybody's shit, but me saying that i'm tired of everybody's shit is more irritating than their shit. i need to leave the village rather than try to argue with people. i suppose that realization is always a bit sad. because you grew up here. but the world is big, so go take a look (as that chinese teacher said).

I realize that I might write differently if I write for different audiences. Meaning, if I write a letter to a different person a day, I might end up phrasing things differently, maybe even think different thoughts. That's quite a nice prospect. I think I'll do that.
You have to leave town to discover what needs to be done in the world outside (where Ark and friends had never been!) in order to save your friends and loved ones. And then you're ordered to save the rest of the world– and there are all sorts of interesting plot twists. The most moving thing I think is how Ark gets to effectively resurrect the world, and watch it grow and evolve. You get a sense of the interconnectedness of all things.

The point I wanted to make is really about what it's like to answer the Call To Adventure. Ark started out in this little bubble that was his town– pristine, perfect, cloistered, secluded. And while his town was effectively 'perfect' for him, in the idyllic bliss sense (all he had to worry about were minor little squabbles with family and friends about chasing chickens into the loom, little prank stuff).

And then (in his case, because of an action he took), the world changed. It's like having a car smash into your living room and kill one of your family members– you can't not react to it, your life has just changed dramatically and you're going to have to deal with it. Whatever you were worried about or focused on before that now instantly becomes very trivial. [1]

This is the case with pretty much all Hero's Journeys, isn't it? Spiderman's uncle dies, Batman's parents die, Superman is thrown to Earth (and even then I think he can keep it down low until he faces his first superbaddy or something that starts wrecking his shit. [2]

The thing about real life is... it's very easy to stay in a bubble. Bubbles are easy to create, and they're very enticing. It's enticing to stay in a loop and argue with people on Facebook all day for years. It's very enticing to just look at pretty girls on Instagram and never quite build anything substantial. It's all supernormal stimuli.

Now, I know that substance itself is ultimately debatable. It's not any "more real". What I'm talking about is... what withstands collision with harsh reality. What remains when bullshit withers away. Being able to think clearly from first principles. Having fundamental assets that stay with you when everything burns. Being physically fit and strong. Having survivalist skills. Being able to negotiate well with others, being able to communicate effectively.

Pause, rewind. What was I trying to get at with all of this? I was trying to talk about how I felt like maybe I was in some sort of limbo, some sort of purgatory. For me to move forward, I might need a more clearly defined call to adventure. I might need to be clearer about what I need to leave behind, and be clearer about what I need to do in order to move ahead. I might have written or thought about this at several points in my life, but it feels like I haven't done it well in the past year or so, and so there's a bunch of accumulated mess in my head that needs refactoring. I need to clarify what I'm interested in, what I'm about, what I want to do.

I will be doing that.

[1] There's something about this that a part of me wishes more people would talk about. About what it's like to have a worldview, a way of thinking, a family, a community, a sense of belonging (sort of), and then have it ripped away from you. But I suppose it's one of those things where... maybe you chat about it a little bit to commisserate with your fellow heros– but really, the important thing is the adventure that you're on.

A part of me is always all about the commiseration. I'm still always a bit of a child, always yearning to be touched, coddled, loved. And I realize this will never go away. It's not something I can simply "man up" to get rid of. I have to acknowledge it exists and deal with it as a legitimate facet of my personality. And when I give it legitimacy, I think it won't be such a big deal.

But it's also a part of overthinking. Grow up. Take responsibility for your life. Clean up the spilt milk. Dry your tears. Welcome to reality. Writing about your pain and need for sympathy will get you all the sympathy you want, and then some. And you will be a victim of its success– you'll end up getting really good at getting sympathy. That will be your way of living, your role in life. Somebody that people sympathize with. "How beautifully he writes about his pain!"

Fuck that.

[2] I'm unintentionally conflating two things here– the point where the hero undergoes whatever it is that makes him different, and the point where he has no choice but to react to circumstances beyond his control. This is something worth exploring separately, and making sure that I get the difference right.
A: I... well, it depends on where you're going, doesn't it? Are you heading back down to where you started, or are you charting a different path? Sometimes when you can't go forward, it makes sense to go left or right– so that you can go forward again.

B: What is forward, in this case?

A: Let me quickly run through the cliches– forward is growth, forward is learning, forward is advancement. Forward is output. Forward is a 10x difference in outcome. I'm either growing or stagnating. So I feel like I'm stagnating.

B: When was the last time you felt like you were growing?

A: Well– today, actually. I woke up early. That's a new one. I seldom wake up early. I've been trying to do it for a long time, but I've only now finally been able to actually do it.

B: So why do you feel like you're plateauing?

A: That's just one little part of my day, you see? Everythin else feels a little mediocre. I feel like by now I should be a little more excited to work on whatever I'm working. I find these vomits exciting, for example. Why can't I find my work– which I recognize as a privilege, and as valuable– as exciting as I find these vomits?

B: Oh, a whole bunch of reasons. Things get less exciting when you're doing it so that you can put food on the table. Things get less exciting when it feels partially like an obligation. Things get less exciting when you don't get a chance to follow your curiosity. What are you curious about, at work?

A: That's a very good question. It's a question I should've explored when I was on holiday. Why didn't I do that? Does that mean I'm simply not interested enough, simply not concerned enough, and that there might be some other mythical thing that I'd be more interested in?

B: What do you think?

A: Well... I know that with things like school, I clearly have systemic problems. Like yeah, school sucks and is boring and lame and doesn't really amount to anything in the grand scheme of things. But I've also found it difficult to focus on things that I want to do. There was a time where I wanted to be a rockstar but I barely practiced the guitar or bass. I wanted to run a half-marathon but I didn't train for it. I somehow kept putting it off. So clearly there's a systematic problem here that needs solving, that seems to be altogether independent of the conditions. Yes, good conditions are better and bad conditions are worse, but there's something consistently messed up about my inability to do things. And I suppose the naked truth about me feeling like making some sort of exit decision is the fact that I feel embarrassed and upset that I've had such a "crappy" run so far. I'm shy and ashamed at all my failures, and I'm enticed by the idea of being able to have a fresh start somewhat.

B: Remember that insight you had on your trip?

A: Yeah... when things look ugly, it's only because I haven't seen how it can soften and flow– both forwards and backwards, left and right... a weird shape or line is something that's in transition. We can support it, go around it, augment it, remix it, help it, give it a home. It's the dissonance that makes it ugly. But dissonance is a function of context– a sound is unpleasant not in the abstract, but in the context that it's in. You can soften its edges, fit it within something else that makes sense.

B: And how does that apply here?

A: I have nothing to be ashamed of. I'm only ashamed because of dissonance of some kind, and it's only dissonant because I haven't sent the reinforcement– I haven't reached out to help me. I'm ashamed because I've abandoned myself. Because I have this expectation of perfection that I hold myself to, and when it's ugly, and not quite what I expected, I treat it unfavorably. I treat myself unfavorably. What I actually ought to do is... look for the complements. See what could've been. See how it can all fit together. See what can come up against my rough and inelegant ages to become part of a richer tapestry.

B: And what is that like in more practical, straightforward terms?

A: Well. The first thing is to favor process over outcome. Everybody says that is what we all ought to do, but nobody ever really does it well, do they? I don't know. But the thing is to recognize that nothing is ever abject failure. There is always room to dance around. There are always gaps and spaces to play in. They might get smaller, but play isn't aout the size of the playground.

B: Practical, straightforward terms.

A: So... It's okay to have ideals to work towards, but I shouldn't be angry with myself for failing to meet my expectations. I should let go of my attachment to these expectations, and allow things to happen, with wonder and curiosity.

B: Then what?

A: Then the important thing is to respond. To watch and listen, to see how things happen. And then to react, to change. There is no shame in reacting and changing and adapting. It's okay to make "mistakes"– they're only mistakes in the present moment, and if I'm here in the present moment to confront the "mistake", then I can correct it. Which will get us to a point we'd never have reached if we were afraid of making the mistake in the first place.

B: What are you trying to say?

A: That it's okay. I just need to draw, to play, to explore.
A: Oh, yes, so badly, yes.

B: What do you have to do?

A: When I rest, I need to rest fully. I give myself unnecessary bullshit that I have to try and keep up with things when things are clearly not working out. If stuff needs to go undone so I can recover, so be it.

But this doesn't feel like the heart of the matter.

B: Alright, so what's the heart of the matter?

A: It might be that I'm afraid. It might be that I don't quite believe that it's possible. It might be that I need inspiration. It might be that I need some sort of change.

B: Is there anything you can do to find out what it might be?

A: Trial and error, I guess?

B: What are you afraid of?

A: That I wil try and discover that I'm incapable.

B: How would that actually play out?

A: I don't know. I suppose it's a fear borne out of a misguided sense of "continuity". A sense that life will always be as it is right now. That my history equals my destiny. That I will always be scatterbrained, that I will always be irresponsible– and hey, I've gotten more responsible, so I know that this can change. That I will always sleep too much– hey, I woke up early today. I wasn't super alert, but this is definitely something that can be trained. I just need practice, and maybe I need something a little scary to shake me up.

B: What changes have you made?

A: Well– I've learned to cook some things, which is more progress than I imagined myself capable of. Or... you know how it is. I don't know if I can trust myself with my imagination. My projections are unreliable. I would like to grow up and become a person who is a man of his word– who can be trusted, relied upon. By myself, and by others. So I told myself that I would go to the gym. It took longer than I would've liked, but I went. I'm still slipping on some things, which is upsetting, but the thing is to move the overall line forward.

B: So do you think you're incapable?

A: I think I'm not, but I don't know if I have earned the right to trust myself. So I suppose I shouldn't try to answer that question in the abstract. I am capable of some things. I am capable of keeping my cats alive. I am capable of paying my bills. I am capable of writing 11,000 words in a day. I may some day be able to do more. I'll be comfortable projecting 13,000, even if intellectually I suspect that the number might be much higher. Let's get to 13,000 before I make more grandiose promises.

B: What other promises are there?

A: I really do want to talk to as many of my teachers and childhood friends as I can, at least just to get through any issues I might have. I also... feel like I owe my colleagues more. But maybe I shouldn't be using that sort of language. Maybe this sort of language is precisely what keeps me from becoming the person I want to become, from doing the things I want to do.

B: Let's go through the other questions. What do you not believe is possible?

A: Making a living as a writer? But I know I don't have to do that overnight. I just need to get good pieces of writing out of me, and then get them in front of other people. I don't need to worry about making a living from that right now– I can still make a living in other ways. I don't need to meet this perfect, romanticized platonic ideal existence– it's like desiring a relationship out of a romantic comedy, isn't it? With the dramatic confession and all.

I suppose a more interesting/challenging question would be whether I believe it's possible for me to become the balanced individual that I will have to become in order to do all the things I want to do. And once I frame it that way, again there is no doubt. People far less fortunate than myself have been able to build themselves up into persons far greater than me. I just need to persist. I need to revisit myself over and over again, review my dream every day, make a little progress every day. Meditate more. Reflect. Go over my data so that it doesn't become stale. Remind myself. Sleep early.

B: You've definitely said this stuff a lot. It seems like you might be making some progress, but my job is to play Devil's Advocate. Aren't you just saying these things over and over again? What's different? [1]

A: I don't really know. Everything and nothing. I've started working out again, which is new. Do you think I'm going to end up slipping on that? I feel like it's too important for me to slip on.

B: I can't know for sure. You might do something different this time.

A: But you think it's most probable that I'm going to slip.

B: Technically, yeah, but that's the case with all things. Failure is always the likeliest outcome, simply because there's so many ways to get at it.

A: Do you think I'll finish these 1,000 vomits?

B: Yeah, you will.

A: How long do you think it'll take?

B: I don't know. How long do YOU think it'll take?

A: If you asked me this when I was starting out, I would say maybe 2 years from now. About a vomit a day should be fine, right? But I didn't have much context then.

B: What would you say now?

A: I think... 2 years from now.

B: Aren't you shooting yourself in the foot there?

A: I feel like this time is different. I know I can write 10 vomits in a day on the weekends. If I do that once a week every 2nd weekend, that's almost about 1/day. Which gives me about 2 years. And when I'm approaching the end I think I might speed up.

B: But you don't know that for sure.

A: Yeah. But I'm writing. I'm writing.

[1] I answered this question twice, here's the other answer:

A: That's a good an important question, and I don't have any concrete answers apart from– I think the fact that I'm going to be turning 25.

B: Ok, let's talk about that in the next vomit. What will you do differently in the meantime?

A: I'm just constantly cycling around the same things that seem important to me. It used to be painful to me that I took so long to quit smoking, and now it's painful to me that I don't do daily and weekly reviews as religiously as I'd like to. Hell, I barely do them ever. So I'm going to start doing them super regularly, everyday before I go to bed, and whenever I get the chance, really. I'm going to use my workflowy for the digital stuff and I'm going to write in my pocket-sized notebook– which I'll carry with me everyday, along with my smartphone.

B: Do you want to take a second to revisit the title?

A: Sure– I was reading this bit about Richard Feynman talking about how he was feeling blocked and stressed when he was doing what he thought he was supposed to be doing, and how it used to be a joyous play for him (physics, that is)– and how ultimately he earned the Nobel Prize not by pursuing some seriously important pursuit, but by pursuing his curiosity about the way some plates were spinning or something like that.

B: So you think you're like Feynman?

A: I don't know. I just think it's interesting.
I really just want to do what Tobi was talking about– I want to break the box that I'm currently in. I'm really tired and frustrated of being in this box for so long. [1]

B: Walk me through your reasons.

A: Well, I'm listening to my body, right? My body tells me that I'm edgy and lethargic– those two things seem to be opposites, no? Edgy = excess energy being wasted, and lethargic = lack of energy. So whatever it is, I'm having difficulty experiencing a sort of optimal flow condition. Part of this could simply be that the way I'm doing my work is suboptimal, and desperately in need of optimization.

I think this is true, and has always been true. But the question then is– why does this seem like more of a problem now than ever before? It could be that the problem is compounding, which is legitimate. It could also be that I'm just getting older and finding it harder to excuse or tolerate the way I'm doing things.

I suppose I should look to my relationship with cigarettes and with exercise. In both cases, I feel like I was always going to do something about it, and yet it also felt like I was approaching some sort of burning platform moment. With smoking, I knew I didn't want to be a 25 year old smoker, or regular smoker. I would be getting past my quarter-life moment and I would be a smoker, and I didn't want that. Similarly, I didn't want to be 25 years old and unfit.

B: Heh. Are you chalking this all up to a quarter life crisis?

A: I wouldn't call it a crisis. It's more of a... looming realization that I'm not a child anymore. I've always thought of myself as a child, considering that I was the youngest kid in my family. When I formed a band, we were typically the youngest band around. When I joined my company, even though I was married, I was the youngest guy on the team.

We have a couple of younger guys now, but I still feel in some respects "younger" than them– at the very least because they did better in school, and doing well in school is a sign of semi-decent time management, maybe? I'm terrible at managing my time.

You can still sorta call yourself a 21 year old boy. I can imagine that. Students in University are boys and girls to me, when I look at them. If you're still living off your parents, or they're still paying your bills, etc, you're still boys and girls.

The phrase "21 year old man" sounds odd to me. I think there are few 21-year-old-men in developed countries. You could call yourself a "young man" or a "young adult" or something. "Man", in my opinion, seems to happen between 23 and 27.

B: So...

A: So it's time for me to man up. I don't want to be a 25 year old boy. A 23 year old boy I can still sorta understand. But at 25, I want to be well-adjusted on the basic things that count in life. I want to be able to exercise my will. I want to be able to be responsible for a child if I had to be.

I don't plan on having kids until I'm REALLY good at being responsible for myself and others. But I feel like extended playtime is over. I can and should still carve out moments of play for myself, but I can no longer allow circumstances beyond my control to push me around, for me to stick my head under the ground and hide and wait for everything else around me to blow up and settle down. That was what I did when I was a student, a son, a soldier. The responsibility of others.

I am responsible for myself now, for my life. The expiry date for blaming anything beyond myself is coming to an end. The expiry date for excuses is fast approaching. After 25, I am completely responsible for myself.

I know, that's a rather arbitrary line drawn in the sand, but it's the line that I'm drawing for myself, and it's something I intend to take seriously.

[1] Actually, I think that the box metaphor doesn't capture it fully– though it's really simple and powerful because of its simplicity. The next level of complexity I think is this– we experience freedom in many different directions, on many different planes. So I feel like I have a lot of freedom in terms of expressing myself with words.

My "range of expression" with words is quite wide. Expanding it further is costly, and doesn't seem to make that much of a difference. On the other hand, I have very limited expression in terms of strength, cooking, emergency skills, discipline, time management, etc. If I break those sub-boxes, break down the barriers there that keep me from expressing myself more broadly, then I will have a lot more freedom overall.

And it seems like "total freedom" (total feels like a bad word to use– maybe "net freedom" or "cumulative freedom") is compounded from having multiple freedoms on multiple domains. If you're strong AND smart, you have more freedom than a very-strong-but-dumb person, and a very-dumb-but-weak person.

Well– it can get way more complicated, depending on the sort of contexts they're in. You also have more freedom than a strong-but-dumb person and a smart-but-weak person have, summed up together. Of course, doing such summation is a bit of a parlor game.
I would experience a certain exalted satisfaction if I finish another vomit tonight, because then I'd gone from 305 on my fridge to 310. (I keep track of my vomits on a piece of squared paper on my fridge, with 1000 squares to mark with X's).

I guess I'd like to talk about self-flagellation. That's the process where I beat myself up internally– often without even realizing it– because I'm mimicking processes and behaviors that I must've witnessed when I was younger. I've internalized the way my parents talked to me, the way my teachers talked to me, even as I thought that I was being some sort of independent, self-directed individual who did what he wanted.

I was trying to explain meditation to some dude on reddit, and he didn't quite get it. I'm not exactly Mr Meditator myself, but I'm pretty good at communicating ideas that I think I understand. So I said something along the lines of– "your mind is like a tank of water and sand– some things in it are shiny and valuable, while other things are dark and terrible. And you are not your mind– you are IN your mind. And most of the time, you can't even see the shiny and dark things, especially because you've kicked up too much sand and everything is muddy.

"Meditation is about sitting still and allowing the dust and sand to settle at the bottom. It isn't necessarily bliss in itself– you may encounter some dark, ugly shit. You may realize that you're a terrible person who's been doing terrible things. But the thing is not to kick up dust. It is to relax, and allow yourself to deal with the things naturally. This can sound weird, but the problem is that most of the time we're too busy writhing and flagellating, which kicks up a dust. And then you can't see, and then you get nervous and anxious and all that nasty stuff."

Well, something like that. And it stuck with me. It made me realize that I'm quite a kicker-up-of-dust.

I suppose it's worth thinking about what this looks like in real life. In the average day, when I wake up in the morning, there's already a bunch of dust in the air. I'm thinking about going to work, I'm thinking about what work I haven't done yet, what's due, what's pending on other people. I ought to take a few minutes to calm down and allow the sand to settle, and then plan my day properly. Then when I get to work, I ought to do the same thing again. Sit in silence, allow the dust to settle, and pick the most important thing.

Halfway through writing this vomit I ended up on Imgur clicking around mindlessly. Why did I do that? It's 1130pm. I was hoping to sleep early. Why did I go to Imgur? I don't know. And I opened a whole bunch of tabs, too. I suppose I like quick shots of entertainment. The thing is... why do I queue up all the tabs? I don't know, but midway I felt like I ought to complete this instead of leaving it halfway. It'll feel really good to hit 310. Not super amazing or anything, just nice. My battery is down to 16%, and I'd like to complete this without having to leave my seat, without having to charge my mac. Ideally I'll finish this before it gets to 5%– I'm hoping 10%– and then drink some mlik, take a shower and prepare for bed.

So I suppose I have an opportunity now not just to talk about self-flagellation, but to actively choose not to practice it. Yes, it's late. I'm making a decision to finish up this vomit, and then I will shower. I will not fall into the old trap I used to where I start making all these promises to myself, where I get all anxious... I'm done with that shit. Yeah.

Well, that was funny. I didn't make it. I got further distracted by other nonsense, and then my battery got low so I plugged in my mac and went to shower. It's 12:27 now and I'm just going to soldier through with this one until it's done. I'm not particularly impressed but I'm not particularly upset either. This one was what it was. What matters now is that I finish this, ship out that thing I want to ship out, and then sleep well and wake early so I get to my first appointment on time tomorrow.

Is there anything to be learnt from all of this? While in the shower I was thinking about whether I ought to give my vomits ratings out of 10, in terms of how well I thought I was doing. But it gets messy. Do I rate all vomits by my current standards? Would my early vomits be unfairly disadvantaged because I was a weaker writer then? Or would I be surprised to find that some of my best work is actually from the early days? I then thought about starting from the start, and instead of giving things a numerical rating, I'd just order them from best to worst, sorting each subsequent vomit within the pile. But that sounds awfully tedious, and I'm not sure if I'll be able to hold all of them in my head as I figure out which is better and which is worse. So I suppose maybe if I were going to rank my vomits, I would have to start with broader buckets. Top 50% or bottom 50%. Then take those buckets and again, divide those into the top and bottom halfs of each. Seems like a bit of a tiresome proposition with not much value apart from mere curiosity... I might be better off reading (or even writing) a book.

So it's an interesting game, all of this. It's all lines in the sand. And I'm still trying to figure out exactly how seriously I ought to take it. I'm guessing it's "Don't take it too seriously, but take it."
A: I’m not very sure. She’s just really angry and frustrated and all sorts of things. But underneath it all she has a heart of gold, I swear.

B: Uhuh.

A: I feel like you’d be able to help her somehow. Or at the very least, you should be able to discern things that I’m not able to, because you’re all perceptive and wise and stuff.

B: Right.

A: Seriously. Would you do that for me?

B: I don’t have much of a choice, you know.

A: Yeah, but it would be really painful and boring if you weren’t interested. Or maybe before I do that– actually,  what are YOU interested in?

B: Everything. Nothing. The Now.

A: Oh come on, that’s cheesy as fuck and you know it.

B: Fine. I don’t know what I’m interested in. I’m as lost in this world as you are.

A: I find that hard to believe.

B: That’s only because you think you’re special to a greater degree than you actually are.

A: Ouch.

B: I’m just playing.

A: It wouldn’t hurt if it weren’t probably true. Anyway, I’m tired of hogging the limelight and talking about me. I’ve already spoken to C and told her about you. She said she’ll show up, but she doesn’t have any expectations. She’s very cynical and jaded.

B: Why do you bother?

A: Because I care, I just do. I don’t know how to let go. It would be unnecessarily traumatic for me to let go, and I wouldn’t know what I’m letting go for. I owe this at least my best effort.

B: I suppose I can sort of respect that. You’re weird though.

A: That much I am actually really okay with. I want to give this a shot until I feel like I shouldn’t.

*C arrives*

A: Hi! Hey C, this is B.

C: Hi.

B: Hello.

A: Um… so...

C: *lights a cigarette, and holds out the pack* Do you smoke?

B: Nope, no thank you.

C: Suit yourself. A?

A: Uh, I’m trying to quit...

C: That’s adorable. You like this guy that much, huh?

A: Well, you know. It’s not just about that.

B: How long have you been smoking?

C: I think about 10 years.

B: Since you were...

C: 15.

A: Yeah, we were with a group of friends and everybody smoked.

B: That’s a little tragic.

C: Life’s a little tragic.

B: That’s true.

A: C, you’re thinking of quitting sometime, right?

C: I quit about every 20 minutes, yeah.

A: No, seriously.

C: I don’t know, man. What does it fucking matter anyway. Why are you so bothered by whether people smoke or not?

A: I guess I feel like… you know. We all know it’s bad for us. We all know it’s wrecking us on the inside and it’s going to affect our lives. Yet we do it anyway.

B: Maybe you do it precisely because it’s bad for you.

C: Yep. See, your friend gets it.

B: Thank you.

A: Is that true, though?

C: Well, what’s your explanation?

A: I think there are a bunch of explanations that all overlap and work together. I think a part of it is that the immediate pleasure feels good, while the costs seem to be distant and distributed. A single cigarette never feels like a horrible thing, but they accumulate really easily and really quickly.

C: *exhales* I don’t understand why you feel the need to talk so much.

A: And I don’t understand why you need to be so negative and cynical all the time.

B: Okay, pause.

A: Hm?

B: It’s not in my place to say anything, and I’m nobody to judge, but it does feel like you guys have some sort of unresolved tension between the two of you.

A: Uh...

C: No shit.

B: It's interesting.

A: Is it that obvious?

B: Everything is unresolved tension to some degree, most of the time.

C: Mmhmm.

A: Well, what should we do about it?

B: Do you think something needs to be done?

A: *glances at C* Well...

C: What?

A: Yeah. I think it's weird when friends have unresolved tension between them. I think when we have things unsaid, it narrows down the amount of sincere interaction we can have. Which is a damn shame, because life is already so precious and short. The fact that we're even in the same place at the same time is a miracle. The fact that we can communicate with one another– even haltingly, imperfectly– that's another miracle, too. So I think it's a tremendous waste if we're in each other's presence and we don't fully appreciate it.

C: *exhale* I'm just trying to appreciate my cigarette, man.

B: *smiles*

A: Don't you guys relate to what I'm saying? Like, shouldn't we seek to resolve tensions whenever we find them?

C: There's always going to be more, though. Life's tense and then you die.

B: I think you're both right in your own ways. I'm not exactly an expert–

A: You don't have to be so coy, you know. You're obviously smart and perceptive.

B: I'm not being coy. If you think I'm smart and perceptive, it's precisely because I'm "coy".

C: D'aww, so romantic, you too.

B: I think the real challenge is simply to allow ourselves to become aware of tension where we find it. There's no need to try to hard to resolve tension. I think your obsessive need to resolve tension is itself a source of tension– your scratching worsens the itch. You kick up more dust in all the struggle, and things get worse.

C: Amen.

A: So what should I do?

B: You're framing the question wrong. It's not about doing. It's about being. About being mindful. When you recognize and acknowledge tension, it resolves itself.

A: I guess that sounds like it makes sense.

C: *exhales, extinguishes cigarette*
C: I don't exactly do it. It just happens. I mean, look around. There are thousands of things that come together in this delightful symphony of fuckery. I simply can't help but get angry.

B: That's interesting.

C: Is it really.

B: Sure.

C: Why do you say that?

B: It's always interesting to pay attention to how people describe the world. Your description of the world almost always betrays more about you than it does about the world.

C: So what do my descriptions tell you about me?

B: Well, I don't know anything for certai–

C: Cut the crap, man.

B: Fine, but take all of this with a pinch of salt. They're just impressions. And the same caveat applies: These impressions tell you more about me than they tell you about you.

C: Uhuh.

B: Well, you're an angry person.

C: No shit.

B: I think what's more interesting, actually, than me trying to describe what kind of person you are– as though people can be described– is for us to spend some time thinking about what anger is.

C: *snorts* You're making me angry!

B: *smiles* C'mon, let's just walk through this. You spend so much of your time angry, how much time have you devoted to figuring out what anger actually is? Are you really okay with being angry all the time? Is this how you want to spend your life?

C: I don't know. Doesn't feel like I have much of a choice.

B: That's a legitimate feeling.

C: That's an odd thing for you to say.

B: It's odd to you, probably because you're not used to people telling you that your feelings are legitimate.

C: Okay, fuck the feelings talk. Tell me about anger.

B: *laughs* Well. First of all, anger is a pretty old emotion, or force, or whatever you want to call it. People say that there's a wide range of human experience, but there are some states that pretty much everybody spends all of their time in. Fear. Hunger. Desire. Anxiety. Jealousy. Anger. Apathy. And so on.

C: Uhuh.

B: Well, anger's pretty old. Think about why it exists. If you were the only person in the world, it never quite makes sense to get angry. Anger is when you lose control. You become irrational when you're angry. You're willing to damage and destroy things, including your own things, including yourself. It's a sort of scorched Earth tactic, that says "Don't fuck with me".

C: Heh, you said the F word.

B: I had a wise teacher once, who said– I don't have a problem with swearing, I have a problem with the dilution of swearing. If you use it all the time, it ceases to have any weight. You swear when you really need to. Otherwise every problem is a crisis, emergency.

C: Ugh, wise people.

B: I think anger is fundamentally a sort of social negotiation tactic. It says "I won't back down, even if I get hurt or die." Angry people are scary, because you don't know what they're going to do. You can't reason with them.

C: I'm not a very scary person. Hell, I wish I was. Nobody's afraid of me. If people were a little more afraid of me and a little less full of shit, I'd have a lot less reason to be so fucking angry all the time.

B: I'm getting there. The root of anger is a sort of relinquishing of control. Anger is about retaliation. It's about being offended. It's about feeling violated. You describe yourself as angry, but that's a form of shorthand. Anger is what happens to you because of some prerequisite conditions, which is what we really ought to be talking about. it might be more accurate to say... you're a person who feels violated and offended. You want your boundaries to be respected but they aren't. You feel like you don't have control in your life.

C: That is offensive! How dare you! *laughs*

B: I'm sorry, but think about it. People get angry because they lost control. If you're in control, there's no need to be angry. In a way, anger is the recursive, amplified losing of control. The final act of "fuck it, I'm angry!" is a sort of, "If I can't control it, I'll fucking destroy it" mentality.

C: You're saying a bunch of words that make me nod my head, and feel a bit angry, but you're saying that's because–

B: You don't feel like you're in control of this conversation. I'm talking about something personal to you, in a space that you're not used to sharing. If you're uncomfortable, we can stop, or talk about something else. Like what a weirdo A is.

C: Hahahaha. Uh. No, tell me more.

B: There's not actually that much to say. You probably have a history of feeling like you're not in control. Maybe it's school, maybe it's family, whatever. And you're not used to exercising your will to get what you want, in a way that makes sense to you. Have you ever seen a child losing at a game he doesn't quite understand, and then he just topples all the pieces on the board?

C: *looks away* uhhhh...

B: C'mon, we all do it. Most games are stupid.

C: *laughs*

B: The problem is that you can't just keep doing that. You can't keep destroying the board. I mean, you can, but it becomes a very frustrating, painful way to live. And you don't really build or accumulate anything of value, that you can be really proud of. I mean, why did you come to talk to me?

C: A told me to.

B: Right, and you do everything A tells you to do?

C: *shrug* No, of course not.

B: So why did you come to talk to me?

C: I guess I heard him raving about how awesome you were, and I wanted to see for myself if he was full of shit.

B: So what's you're verdict?

C: I don't know yet. People inevitably disappoint me.

B: They will.

C: So aren't I justified in being angry?

B: I never said you weren't. You can justify absolutely anything you like. I ain't judging ya. You do whatever you like, madam. It's your life!

C: You're not very helpful...

B: Well, I never actually said I'd help you. And you never actually asked for my help.

C: Touché.
Which then got me thinking about process management. Getting a piece of content published– whether a novel or a play or a webapp– is the final step of a long, industrial process. It doesn't need to be linear. You might start with the raw materials, and then play around with them to see what comes out of it. Or you might start with an idea, and then look for the materials you'll need. And then you need to work with them. [1]

What I'm vaguely getting at is– the idea that writing is some sort of magical, inspiration-driven process is just the froth at the crest of the wave. The reality of it goes much deeper, and has far more prerequisites than most people ever talk about. If you want to write, you're going to have to read. You're going to have to read a lot, you're going to have to process a ton of information just to spit out a tiny diamond of value. [2]

This post is necessarily clunky. The points don't flow from one to another, there is no crescendo, no buildup. It's just a series of thoughts, a series of quotes, a bunch of raw materials sitting in a warehouse on the page. And I'm walking around them, feeling them with my hands, rubbing them against each other, just seeing what happens. And it's a necessary precursor to the elegant, insightful writing that flows beautifully from start to finish.

There's something else somebody once wrote about the design sketches hardly anybody sees in the process en route to a product. You look at something like the latest Macbook and think, wow, that's divine. It's beautifully designed, it's so perfect. What went into it? What were all the alternate ideas that were discarded, rejected? What were all the other ways it could've turned out, but didn't? That's a very important thing to know, if you're trying to make something. But that's very rarely presented, and it's very rarely comprehensible. Beauty emerges out of chaos and mess.

Let's go back to process management. I was reading a little bit about some of the innovative process thinkers and practitioners who ushered in the Industrial Revolution (and some of those who came around after). When I was younger I hated how industrialized school felt– I felt like I was a mere automaton, jumping through hoops and following instructions for little to no reward, no learning. By extension (leaky perceptions) I developed a distaste for anything that felt industrial or process-focused. I hated the idea of timetables, schedules, plans. I felt it was soulless.

I realize now [3] that it only felt soulless maybe because it was something that I didn't believe in, or maybe because it feels like the school-factory is producing automatons for which demand is greatly diminished. [4] There might have been a time and a context where following orders paid off beautifully, but when I was going to school it felt like a shitty deal.

It doesn't change the fact, however, that being good at process and resource management TOWARDS YOUR OWN DESIRED ENDS is incredibly powerful. This is the thing that I need to learn.

[1] There's a post on Ribbonfarm which describes how Bronze required some really complex processes to make– you need Tin, which doesn't form naturally everywhere– so you need to trade for them, which means you need these extended supply chains and trading routes just to get the raw material. And it takes a lot of experience, practice and learning before you can work with the stuff well, so you need guilds and systems of learning.

[2] As I write this I realize that Venkat from Ribbonfarm has already written quite extensively about this, but I feel like it's necessary for me to come up with my own ideas, my own metaphors, my own language. The better I understand my own process, the better I'll be able to create the output that I want. The goal is to be limited by resource constraints, not by my own ignorance, my own lack of resourcefulness.

[3] I've repeated this realization in several forms, at several times, but it still feels poignant and necessary. I understand this point intellectually but it hasn't yet sunk in enough to reprogram my earlier habits and distaste towards process. So I will keep doing this (and try other things in parallel) until I figure it out.

[4] 20, 30 years ago in Singapore, if you just studied hard in school, you were pretty much guaranteed a job that would pay pretty well, and you would have a higher standard of living than your parents did. Today, I don't think this is the case anymore. But I don't want to go into too much detail into that, because I'm not an expert, and I don't know my stuff as well as I would like to.
I wrote that last post– 0313– right after lunch, while in a food coma of sorts. I would've typically much rather have preferred to take a nap instead, but I decided that I wanted to challenge myself a little bit. To keep myself from straying– ending up on Reddit, Facebook, Imgur, etc as I often do, I turned off my Wifi.

As to be expected, the post wasn't the most coherent of posts. Interestingly, come to think of it, I must've known that that was going to be the case, and I chose to write something that didn't necessarily have to be coherent. I chose to put together a bunch of thoughts and quotes instead of writing something that might've required welding or other more energy-intensive processes.

It feels like there are several different kinds of processes in writing, and they require different levels of alertness. It gets really complex because there are multiple variables and multiple types of work and processes. And none of this is very precise. Most of the time I just sit in front of my keyboard and start writing without thinking too much about what sort of writing I'm doing. Right now i'm just writing straight from my head, whatever's on my mind– a running commentary about what is going on, about what happened earlier. That's a sort of "transcriptive" writing, the process of making a transcript.

This is slightly easier than what I was doing earlier, which was accumulation and gathering– thinking about all the things that are related or relevant, and then putting them down on paper. That's the sort of thing you don't necessarily need to write in paragraphs– a simple bulleted list would do, if you're merely accumulating data.

What other forms of writing are there? (I'm now transitioning to thinking about accumulating, which requires more thought and recall of some kind.) There's argumentative or expository thinking, where you have to analyze something in your head and look for cracks and chinks. This is harder than simply accumulating data points, because now you're adding value judgements. If you're writing about something you're very familiar with, then you've already done the accumulation-work in advance, and you can go straight to processing the values. If you're trying to argue about or discuss something you don't know very much about, then it's going to be harder– because you have to collect the data AND figure out what you think about it all. (Of course, you're never able to simply collect information without forming some sort of opinion about it, unless it's purely abstract gibberish that you aren't able to make sense of.

What am I getting at with this post? I'm trying to say that writing (and thinking– for me the two are somewhat yin/yang) is a big bag of many things, and all of those subsets of things each have their own challenges, their own complexities. Okay, I already knew that. What are the subsets? So far I've mentioned– transcribing thoughts in real time, accumulating data points, and making sense of data points. What else is there? "Making sense of data points" is itself a box with smaller boxes in it. What are those boxes? There's... contextualizing, which is seeing where some data points fit with other data points.

I'm halfway through this vomit and I'm feeling a bit stuck, because it feels like the scope of what I'm writing about doesn't fit nicely within the scope of this piece of writing. I suppose I should attempt to write about writing in an entirely separate form. So what should I use to remainder of this vomit to do?

I guess transcribe more thoughts. I know that I'm a pretty decent writer. I was reading a book yesterday about Business and about individuals who have made a difference to the world of Business, and I found myself thinking... this book might be useful to some people who've never heard of these individuals, but there are all sorts of more interesting things to talk about than merely listing out who these people are. I feel like I could have written a "better" book– better according to my own standards and interests, of course. It was an interesting, slightly unsettling and rather exciting feeling– the realization that I must have become a better writer. Again, I know I'm pretty good, but I've always felt like I'm not ready to write books. A book is a bigger investment than a blogpost or an internet comment– it's an experience, something that people make time for. It's like the difference between telling a joke and doing a standup routine for a paying audience.

I can't wait to be done with these vomits, but of course I shouldn't rush them. I'm sorta rushing them, but I'm just going with the flow that's inside me. As long as I sleep well at night, all is alright. I stress out about some things but I want to contextualize that stress within a broader system. I want to be able to breathe deeply and feel calm even as some part of me stresses out on the inside.

What do I need to do now in order to become a better writer, to move forward, to develop my craft? There are a whole bunch of things I could do, of course, but what's the most important thing? I need to read, but I don't feel like reading right now. I feel like I'm beginning a process at the present moment that I should exhaust before I get around to changing gears, changing tasks. I suppose I should go through old things that I said I want to write about, and write about those things. I had put together a mini set of heuristics for thinking about what's worth writing about, and what's not.

I wonder if my next one will be less messy, and what that will say about what I'm doing, where I'm at. It's okay for some of these vomits to be completely incoherent and senseless– they still perform a function within the broader ecosystem. They're the little trash piles.

What are the other facets of a good life? Service to others. How can I serve others? It starts with serving myself, and serving myself so well that it spills out onto others, that it gives others permission to do the same. Okay, how can I serve myself? One thing I can do is to stop writing and start working on other things, but for the time being I'm suspending that to focus on thinking further, writing more. Collect before you select. I went to the gym yesterday and I'm feeling really good about that. I've had 3 workouts so far. It will be interesting to see what I'm like at 10 workouts, 30, 100, 300. I will be a different person. I've already started, and I'm just going to keep going.

Okay, but where does writing factor into all of that? It got me here, but what next? I guess I like the idea of keeping track of progress, but you need to make progress before you can keep track.

We're meandering. Let's move to another point. How can I serve myself? I need to identify my own weaknesses and break through them. Earlier I realized that I was feeling sleepy and tired, and decided to experiment by writing through it. And I have written through it, and some of it was ugly and messy, but I don't care. I'm still going. And now I feel a bit of a sense of flow, and I'm going to keep going. I'd like to hit 320 today so that I can sleep great at night. Once I hit 320 I'm going to do other kinds of work, and then we'll go for 340 another time. It's all arbitrary, it's all made up, but as long as I'm moving and I'm having fun, none of it matters. As long as it meets my own standards, it's not cheating. This is what I wanted to capture, and I'm capturing it.

I suppose a huge part of all of this is me managing my own mental state, my own psychology. These words are just symbols, signifiers, signposts. What I'm really trying to do is to rewire my brain in a way that I feel is good for me. Cigarettes used to be a big part of my life, and I weeded that out. I have books that I want to read. I have habits that I want to form. What book do I most want to read next? It's interesting that I don't seem to have a short answer to that. I have about 4-5 books that I'm reading at the same time right now– The Box, A Sideways Look At Time, The Game, First Break All The Rules, The News... is there any particular reason why I'm reading any of them? Not really. Should I pick any single one of them to finish right now? I'm not really feeling that right now, but I think I might go through First Break All The Rules. The more I keep writing this, the more it's going to become clearer that I should switch to doing the work that I'm hired to do. So we'll get there. What shall we do until we get there?

I suppose it's interesting enough that I sit and play with my thoughts and my words instead of procrastinating on Reddit or Imgur or other forms of cheap internet content consumption. I would like to ideally be free of that someday, to not really even feel the need to check it out– just as I have greatly diminished my need to have cigarettes be a part of my life.

Eergh. Feels like I'm just going through the motions saying things that I say over and over again. Would like to question some of these things and unpackage them and go somewhere new with them. I think for my next vomit I'll go back to dialoguing with these characters I've been sorta-inventing inside my head, and we'll see what happens there. Or maybe not.

It's a little sad and amusing that, given the chance to do absolutely anything, we tend to fall into doing what we've always done– probably because it's cheap, simple, easy, familiar.
C: I know right? I'm so awesome, get a load of me! Seriously though, it's not helping. I know I'm being presumptuous but I can't help it.

B: What exactly about people do you find so stupid and annoying?

C: People are really narrow-minded. They don't think very much. They act without thinking. They jump to conclusions. They come up with really stupid names for things. They have terrible grammar. They get fixated on really rubbishy things. They run the world, and they're running it very badly.

B: How would you do things better?

C: I don't know. At the very least I think I wouldn't pretend that I know what I'm talking about, or that I know what I'm doing. All these pretentious people pretending to know what they're doing, they're really just bullshitting themselves and each other. Eventually reality will smack them in the face, but right now they're having a really good time– better than me, for sure– and I feel like reality is being unfair.

B: Reality IS unfair. Or rather, it has no concept of fairness. It simply is.

C: Yeah well that sucks. It's really unfair.

B: It's interesting how fixated you seem to be on this concept of fairness.

C: Is it? What about you? Don't you feel bothered that the world is so unfair?

B: It is rather troubling, but what can I do about it?

C: You could... get angry?

B: How does that help make the world any fairer?

C: It doesn't. It's just better than...

B: Better than?

C: Being a moron.

B: I bet being a moron is great. Morons love being morons.

C: Well, I can't go back to being a moron, can I?

B: You could do some drugs and get irreversible brain damage.

C: Are you seriously advocating that?

B: Nah, just a thought.

C: So what should I do?

B: For a start I guess you should just think about the longer term implications of your actions, and who you ultimately want to be. How do you ultimately want to spend your life?

C: I'd like to be less angry.

B: Okay. This might sound a little weird or like it's missing the point, but do you realize that anger is a response that you have? Meaning that there are things happening inside your brain that make you angry. Physical processes, neurons firing and all that.

C: Uhuh.

B: So let's open up the problem. There are a bunch of things that happen. You are a person in the world, and so things happen around you, and they happen to you. You then process this information with your beliefs, ideas, and so on. Something about the information triggers a response in you, which makes you angry.

C: Uhuh.

B: And you want to be less angry, or preferably not angry at all.

C: Uh, hm. Maybe. Yeah. Probably.

B: You hesitate on that because you're so used to being angry, you're not sure what it'll be like to not be angry. Your anger colors your perception of reality, and your experience of it. You worry that being not-angry means being a sort of vacuous, hollow, superficially happy person.

C: I HATE hollow happy people.

B: Hahaha.

C: I'm not kidding!

B: Sure. Why do you hate them?

C: Because they're obviously just going through a bunch of motions, reading a script without actually thinking very much about what they're talking about.

B: Just to play devil's advocate for a second– how do you know you're not just going through a bunch of motions, reading a script without thinking very much about what you're talking about?

C: Because–

B: Mmhmm?

C: Are you saying I'm just as stupid as stupid happy people, just that I'm a stupid angry person?

B: Well, I don't know. What's the difference between the two?

C: Uh. I've seen some stupid angry people who just get angry at everything. Even at things that can't be helped. Like bad weather, or the power going out.

B: You don't get angry at bad weather?

C: Um... I make angry sounds, but I'm not REALLY angry. I know that there's nothing that can be done. I don't rage at service staff when it's a problem beyond their capacity to fix. But I get frustrated when they tell me they can't do something that they can obviously do (such as serve two things at once, etc).

B: Interesting. So how do you define "capacity to fix"?

C: Uhh. If it's something right in front of your face, and you can deal with it with your hands, it's within your capacity to fix? If you can directly influence something. So it's not the service staff's fault if there was some fault in the boxed up product I bought, but it's their fault if they stare blankly at me and tell me I can't exchange it because of some arbitrary bullshit reason– they're obviously just trying to evade responsibility.

B: That's interesting. Do you think it's within your capacity to become a less angry person?

C: I don't know. I'm not too optimistic about that.

B: Are you just trying to evade responsibility?

C: I don't know. I don't think so. But I suppose it's a possibility.

B: What would you say if the service staff genuinely doesn't think it's within their capacity to do something, even if it's obvious to you?

C: I... get frustrated that we live in a stupid world that doesn't teach people better.

B: What if I told you this– from my point of view, you're no different from that service staffer. It's within your capacity to get less angry– to use your own mind and your own thoughts– but you're "obviously" just trying to evade responsibility.

C: Erm... that feels a bit unfair.

B: Which is probably how service staff feels about you, when you judge them.

C: Sigh. So I'm just as guilty of perpetuating bullshit and unfairness in the world.

B: You don't have to keep doing it. You can stop, just as the service staff can stop evading responsibility.

C: That sounds nice in theory.

B: It feels even better in practice, when you finally get around to actually doing it.

C: But what does "actually doing it" even mean?

B: Deciding to think and feel differently.

C: But I can't change the way I feel.

B: That's always how it seems, but truth is, you change the way you feel all the time.

C: I suppose. That's not very helpful though.

B: Just think about it. Take a long walk. Sleep on it.

C: Okay. *lights a cigarette*
Why do I want to do that? Well... I want to feel connected in life. I want to feel like I'm a part of the goings-on of the universe. And I know, you always are, no matter what you're doing. Just by breathing. And to a slightly more substantial extent, by producing and consuming all that you produce and consume. Well... I don't like the idea of expressing myself through my consumption habits. How do I want to express myself? Why do I want to express myself? What do I want to express? Who do I want to impress?

The only person I actually want to impress anymore is me. But what impresses me? For the longest time, I thought the answer was, "the approval of other people". If I can get popular people to like me, I must be doing well. But it's clear that that's not all it's made out to be. It's unnecessarily difficult and not all that fulfilling, and people are going to judge you anyway.

Feels like I'm repeating a script, let's ditch that. I'm not sure if I'm going to be writing short stories or novels or commentary or whatnot. I don't really care for being some sort of social activist anymore, I think. I got a bit jaded and also felt like things are going to turn out however they turn out regardless of intervention. As I write this I wonder if that's necessarily true. I think it's helpful to give people the tools they need/want to achieve what they need/want to achieve. And if I can do that with a marginal amount of effort I think I should do that. I don't want to spend all my time crusading in some blogosphere for some issues. Really, I just want to sleep well and work out and get buff and feel comfortable in my skin. I might start doing vlogs, for a long time I've been wanting to do vlogs of some kind but I don't yet know what I want to say. I just know that there is some limit to expressing myself in the written word, and I feel like using the spoken word will make me feel less limp, less weak, more confident and assertive.

I want to feel powerful. I want to be able to beat people up. I want to never have to ever do that, but I'd like to have that ability. I'd like the ability to intimidate people, and not have to use it. I feel like that's something that's lacking in my life and I thought I'd finally come out and say it.

In a sort of meta way, I'd also like to be done with this constant need for validation from other people. I'm not sure if these vomits count as an attempt to get validation– after all I am publishing them online and linking to them on Twitter, but also sorta try not to draw too much attention to it. The posts are intentionally long and meandering so nobody's going to figure out what the fuck I'm talking about unless they're equally crazy and want to get themselves embroiled in my shit. This isn't a cry for help or anything, it's just my personal sort of nonsense. I feel like this is a nice balance. You can opt in if you want, but most people are going to walk right on by and that's just fine, I like it that way.

But that feels like just half the picture. I think I also need a steady stream of output that's almost-optimized for public consumption, just as I've almost-optimized this for personal introspection. I'll see what I can do. I'll go to sleep now first.
For me, the late nights were the quiet times, the downtime away from all the pesky people who fill up my day like swarms of insects, buzzing and yapping and moving around in their clunky, obtuse ways. I have to admit, these are my feelings as I write this– people often annoy and frustrate me. I like persons– George Carlin said that when you catch an individual in person, you can see the Universe in his eyes if you're really looking. But groups of people, swathes of people, they can be sickening and overwhelming.

I don't mean that personally. Every person must feel the same way about my role in the crowd, too. We are all traffic. We are all the plague on our own houses. And every day I feel worn down and abused by the throngs of people on the trains. Some people are fine, but there are always those who are loud and obnoxious and abrasive, and a part of me always wants to lash out at them, speak up and put them in their place somehow.

But I know that that would itself be unnecessary provocation, that my expression of annoyance would further annoy and frustrate others, and so I just allow it to boil inside me, hopefully distracting myself with things on my phone, maybe listen to some music, maybe try to be a little bit meditative. Nothing quite works, and the commutes just wear you down. Perhaps someday I will be able to afford taking a cab, perhaps driverless cars will soon be a thing (I wish for this so hard), or perhaps I will move somewhere that isn't as inaccessible as where I am right now.

But I have to remember to be thankful and grateful and all that, yadda yadda. Suspending that for now to think harder about late nights. I remember the house that my family lived in was always tense. My parents worked out of a home office, and so they were always concerned about work. There was no clear demarcation between work and home in my house, and I didn't want to be a part of it very much.

So I'd typically head out– either stay late in school, or go to friends' homes, or hang out in the library, I don't know. It seems a little neat and tidy to say that I was avoiding home. Was I really? I know that I was never in a rush to go home. There were always some people who would linger– sometimes different people every time, and a few who would linger throughout. And I would stick around to see who would stick around, and to see what would unfold, what fuckery we'd get up to.

I'd notice the same thing happening on Facebook years later, when Facebook came around. You'd see all those green lights in the sidebar, people who're online. And as the night goes on, you'd see more and more of the lights go off, and you'd feel a certain affinity to the last few people who remained. Sometimes people from the other side of the Earth.

I remember chatting from time to time with a friend of my wife's, who was studying in New York. We'd typically chat around 3am or so. I enjoyed our conversations– there was something about tired late nights, something about the darkness, something about the quiet that would bring out something introspective and honest about me. I wouldn't be surprised if– when I someday become a novelist or writer of some sort– I actively sometimes choose to stay up late at night to write.

But lately I've been contemplating the inverse, which I've never fully explored. Sleeping early so that I can wake up late, arising BEFORE the world, allowing the world to come to me. It seems like a much more confident, strong proposition. We'll see how that plays out. It's 1040pm now, and I'm going to bed. It's rather uncharacteristic of me.
I'm currently re-reading Neil Strauss's The Game, which is I think an underrated book– he talks about all sorts of interesting things apart from having sex with women, but most people just focus on the sex-with-women part. If and when I review it, I'd like to review all of the other parts instead. The part that's relevant to this train of thought– Neil talked about how standup comedians teach themselves to develop a tight 5-minute routine that should work on anybody, anywhere, but after using it over and over again they lose respect for audiences because they're so easy to manipulate. I suppose I felt the same way about writing about the Singaporean political scene, which was what made me quit. And I suppose similarly, I felt that frustration with myself for smoking cigarettes, and I feel that frustration now when I watch myself writing mini-essays on Reddit– exactly the same way I used to do on Facebook.

Why do I keep seeking out this micro-validation from strangers on the Internet? I suppose because it's easy and accessible and bite-sized.  There's something about a conversation– and I was having this conversation (so meta) on Twitter with a couple of writers I admire. They were talking about writer's block, and I shared with them that my go-to solution to writer's block is to simply explain to another person what you want to write– and then use that explanation as source material. One of them said– Exactly, there's no such thing as Talker's Block.

I suppose that's the thing about writing in response to other people– there's no blockage. It's easier. You feel like there's a demand for your work. I was reading somewhere else that it's very easy to get caught up in the busywork of replying to emails– there's something about what it feels like to respond to a question, or to something somebody says– that makes you feel like what you're doing matters. And the deceptive thing is– it's not that it doesn't matter at all (ignoring existential does-anything-matter considerations), it's that it's usually worth RELATIVELY little. Tawk is cheap, except in the few instances where it isn't, and sitting around waiting for these opportunities is a very lousy strategy. It can sorta feel good, but it's lousy.

I guess I'm writing this to myself to say, dude, get the fuck off Reddit. It's the same problem you had with Facebook, which is that you're not exactly talking or writing on your own terms. You're just following strangers around. It's like sitting in a bar looking for conversations to join. The problem is that it's very rare that great conversationalists come to a bar to bitch about things– more often than not they're busy with their work. They're busy focused on the things that matter. So I suppose this is my affirmation to say, no reddit for me until I've made substantial progress with these vomits. Maybe until I'm done with the whole thing altogether. Tawk is cheap. Tawk is cheap. Tawk is cheap.
I will probably have to reread many of these books to get more utility out of them, but as of right now I'm not too obsessed with trying to maximize literal utility. Rather, I'm trying to sustain the practice of reading, to recognize that the act itself is fundamentally enriching, nourishing. I have been feeling a little malnourished lately, in multiple senses of the word. Part of it was a lack of exercise, and I think I've managed to start remedying that. Should've done it earlier, but oh well. We should always have done everything earlier. The challenge is to not beat ourselves up over it, but to be mindful and to pay attention so that we can make better decisions moving forward.

What do I want to read next? I said that I have a tentative list, but I don't want to be systematically following that plan in a rigorous fashion. I'm reading The Game whenever I'm in the toilet (too much information?), which is a nice tempo to have. I don't binge on it.  I keep some books nearby, and I shuffle through them to see if anything catches my attention. A part of me is saying "go through books and finish them", which I think is good, but I don't want to force myself to go through books I don't enjoy. Either way, reading is good. More.
As I write this, I'm playing videos of myself playing guitar in the background, in another tab on YouTube. I can hear all the weaknesses in my singing and playing– I play too fast, I sing without breathing deeply enough, all sorts of little errors. But I find myself grateful for having put my work out there. I feel the same way about a lot of my writing. I'm much more grateful for having published imperfect things than for having thought about things but ultimately not doing anything about them. I suppose a day might come where even the undone things are worth being grateful for in some way that I can't quite perceive right now... but I think even there there's some complexity that I haven't fully considered. I think Antifragile principles come into play here. If there is limited downside (public embarrassment, usually, at the worst, and rarely are things so horrific that you can't recover with a simple apology and doing better the next time). The value of having an additional data point to work with is tremendous. It compounds. Two data points are more than twice as valuable as a single data point.

It's kinda humbling to realize how little "personal will" (in the straightforward, simplistic sense) seemed to factor into that decision. It was more of an environmental, contextual thing. And yeah, Personal Will is what changes the environment– it's like seeking help, you still ultimately have to be the one to do it. But the fact that help– well, HELPS– that's really humbling, I think, and people don't talk about it enough. Or again, maybe they do, but I was just never quite listening.

Which brings me to a sentence that's been in my mind for a while– the idea that when the student is ready, the teacher will appear. We shouldn't be looking for better teachers, then (figuratively speaking), rather, we should aim to be better students. But that just begs the question- what does it mean to be a ready student? As a student, how do you ready yourself?

Pause.

I realize I diverged a little there. Let's recap what I'm talking about so far– collecting tasks and discarding them in a GTD context, confronting fears, and readying yourself as a student. I'll explore the student bit in the next vomit, let me finish up my thoughts about discarding tasks.

Simply, I have a whole bunch of old junk that I've never gotten around to finishing. And I agree with what some writers have said about the value of finishing things even if they don't seem like things that are as important or relevant anymore, because the habit of finishing things is a useful one to have. I'd like to finish these vomits. I'd like to finish my 100 guitar videos, even if I'm never going to be a musician. Just because I said I'd do it. And finally, there a bunch of tasks about things I want to write about, etc that I should simply delete, because I don't feel very strongly about them, and they're just sitting in my task list looking all sad and unloved. I should shed them from my brain because they're distracting me from the fewer things that I really want to do. If they're really, really important, they'll turn up again.
At some point I've told myself that I ought to write a manifesto. I'm not sure why I did that. I must have read somebody else's manifesto and thought "Well, that's a good idea, I ought to write one too." Right now, it seems a little silly. Why just copy other people? But now I'm thinking about how everything is a remix, and how it's worth copying things because the act of copying always teaches you something, especially if you're at least somewhat mindful about it.

So, an attempt at a manifesto. A manifesto is a declaration of one’s beliefs, opinions, motives, and intentions.  Apparently the idea is to just figure out what's important.

I think it's important to confront fears. I'm not very good at it, but I'd like to get better at it. I don't think it's reasonable to expect to be able to confront and conquer every single fear, but I think it's something that I should think about from time to time, assess and address. I don't think I should be scared shitless all the time. I do think that I am often paralyzed or otherwise restricted by fear in some way, and I think consciously identifying, acknowledging and addressing my fears will give me a better quality of life.

I think it's important to be kind to people. It can be difficult, but it's always worth the effort.

I think writing is good for me and I'd like to declare that I think I ought to write everyday.

I think health is important, and I think the body is more than just a vehicle for the head. I think it's important to appreciate the body, the breath. I would fit this within a broader idea that meatbag management is important, and really, it should come first before anything else. Once your meatbag starts to suffer, your mind suffers, your relationships with other people suffer, your work suffers, and it's generally a miserable experience. Anybody with a damaged or hurt meatbag will tell you that they'd do anything to have a healthy meatbag again.

I think it's important to remind myself that life is not a dress rehearsal, that it is happening to me right now– that I am living my life right now, this is it, now is the moment and it is all I have. It's easy to forget that.

I think it's important not to get caught up in petty conversation that doesn't have any stakes. Some of it might be entertaining, and sometimes entertaining can mean discussing things that seem important or profound. But I think I need to hold the bigger picture in mind. If I'm not working towards fulfilling my own dreams, I won't have as much leverage when trying to make the cases that I want to make. I think it was Taleb who said that people who don't want to take you seriously WON'T take you seriously no matter how articulate your argument is, until you take their money. (You don't literally have to steal from them or anything– you just have to be right where it counts– with real stakes, not in the context of verbal argument.)

I think it's important to practice mindfulness and meditation. I suppose that goes along with the meatbag stuff. A musician should tune and maintain her instrument. A thinker, a penseur, should tune and maintain her mind. If you don't do that then you're fundamentally unserious about thinking, about creative work, etc.

I think it's important to have a body of work, to have output. A prototype is worth a thousand meetings. I should explain myself less and demonstrate results more.

Wait, let's stop.

As I write this I find myself thinking... it's really easy to come up with a big fanciful manifesto that has a ton of well-thought out points, but all of that really amounts to nothing if you don't follow it. Really, the only thing that matters is that you stick to it. A simple one line manifesto that you stick to is way more useful and valid that having lots of things said. In fact, as I write this I hear the saboteur inside my head laughing. The more I write about what I want to do, the less likely I am to do any of the things I say I'm going to do. This is a constant trap for me, and what I was trying to get at with the GTD-and-killing-tasks thing. It's better to have very, very few things on your plate and make sure you get them done, than it is to make a bunch of promises.

So what does that suggest I should do? I should make much smaller commitments. Committing to big things is cute and sweet-sounding, and might seem dramatic, but my subconscious isn't at all impressed or inspired by big hairy audacious goals. It's like a company having a whole bunch of corporate values and whatnot, but when push comes to shove, what matters is whether you back it up with actions.

Is it possible for me to write a manifesto in such a way that– by being more clever in the way I write it, I make it likelier that i actually follow it? To say yes would be wishful thinking on my part, I think. I can't get better behavior by writing a nicer-sounding manifesto. I can only get better behavior by... behaving better? That feels like a bit of a cop-out.

I suppose the thing is to keep it to a couple of lines, then revisit it every day, at every action. How do I guarantee that? It should be at the top of my to-do lists. It should be a short as possible. It should be a single line. What would be the single line that I use to drive my own behavior? The first thing that comes to mind, cheesy as it is, is Yinsen talking to Tony Stark in the first Iron Man– "Don't waste your life, Stark." I'm not Tony Stark, but that kinda resonated with me.

The next line that comes to mind is from Da Vinci. "As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death." I suppose that's the best I can shoot for, for now. Spend my days well, sleep happy. What is a well spent day? Time spent doing work that's not superficial, time spent shipping things.

A well-spent day brings happy sleep.
But in the meantime, I am a meatbag living in meatspace, and I owe it to myself to do everything I can– or hell, to give myself a decent shot– at improving my lot in meatspace. I don’t need to be the best in the world at anything physical, I just need to be better each than I was before. Of course, there’s a limit to this improvement– but I don’t know what that is. I’m guessing it might be in the mid-to-late 30s or 40s, and by the time I get there, maybe even later than that. And then it’s maintenance against aging, which is worth doing anyway because everyone else around you (in your age group, at least) is decaying and deteriorating.

So getting favourites and tweets and messages from attractive people on Instagram, or buying them tokens on their cam channels or vlogs– none of that is a substitute for having presence, being attractive, powerful, strong, in control. I cannot keep running away from the reality that I have to wake up to every morning, and confront throughout the day. I keep trying, for sure, but that was a coping mechanism for a life I no longer live, and if it was ever appropriate (debatable), it definitely isn’t anymore. So I gotta rip you out of my skull. [3]

I’m tired of having my life dictated for me by supernormal stimuli, I’m tired of feeling shy and weak and anxious. I’m tired of talking and thinking too fast, at a tempo that betrays my inner anxiety. I recognise that all of that shit is imagined, self-imposed. I have to decide firmly that none of that shit has any power over me anymore, and I have to step off the cliff of my mind.

I got 200 more words to go. What are my closing thoughts on supernormal stimuli? I'm aware that we shouldn't get obsessed with trying to deny these things– I think Alan Watts spoke pretty nicely about it. Yes, reality is an illusion, everything is a dream, but that doesn't mean we should get all snooty and obsessive about trying to deny it. That's a sort of illusion in itself. At the end of the day, the only person I have to live with is myself. The only thing I need to worry about is how I feel. Well– that oversimplifies things a little, other people do factor into my conception of self. Doing nice things for people, helping people, serving other people, all of those things feel deeply significant and meaningful to me, even as I recognize the fundamental, illusory nature of all things. Service is a deep joy.

Even focusing on that should, theoretically (or, wishfully) keep me from getting caught up in superficial nonsense. Again, yes, "superficial nonsense" is just marginally more superficial than the superficial nonsense that is anything I think about as "deep" or "noble" or "important". It's all messy stuff... boils down to what sort of games I want to play. Such is life.

Breathe deep, let it go. Laugh, smile. Move on.

_____

[1] To be more precise, solving the problem requires more intelligence than the conscious mind alone is capable of offering. “Leaving it alone” really means “allowing the broader mind to work on the problem.” Would be nice if there were a more succinct and effective way to say that. Just something to keep in mind.

[2] I suppose if one day we have a fully-realized Matrix type scenario, where you can plug in your body into a simulation of your own choosing, then that might be a tolerable choice. People who say otherwise are usually arguing from the perspective that there is some discernible difference, and that difference makes all the difference. I’m talking about situations where there is NO discernible difference. Sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic, and sufficiently advanced simulation is indistinguishble from reality– and indeed, reality as we observe it is simulated in our heads already, anyway.

[3] Turns out that while “rip you out of my skull” sounds dramatic as a phrase, the reality of it requires slow, daily, boring, repetitive action. Day in, day out. Affirmations day in, day out. So I gotta reflect each day, and each week. I gotta do 1-1s with myself, and with my wife.
For some reason I haven’t been able to stick to a daily habit. At 26 years of age, once in a while I leave the house forgetting to brush my teeth. (I then feel incredibly self-conscious and overload on breath mints and stuff, I’m not that horribly gross.) I do shower every morning and evening.

I suppose I have daily social media habits that ingrained in me. I check Facebook, Twitter and Reddit everyday. And Instagram. I did declutter and remove all of my friends at some point, but eventually it felt a little excessive and I slowly added people back. I’m probably about 20% as active as I used to be (except on Reddit, which is maybe where I’m most active right now, and where I currently might need some intervention).

What other habits do I have? I have a habit of checking my phone in bed, both before going to bed and when waking up in the morning. I should seriously quit that. This morning I didn’t check my phone until I was out of the shower, which I thought was a good milestone. After all, I can pretty much do all the phone-checking I’ll ever need between leaving home and getting to work. (Even that I’d like to eventually substitute with some audiobooks. I’ll check that out when I get home.)

I have a habit of lounging once I get home, turning on my computer and just sitting around online. I have lots of habits of turning on a computer or a device and just lounging around, and that’s a habit I should dearly kill.

I should tie simple habits to regular events, like going to the toilet, going to bed, waking up in the morning, leaving the house, getting home.

I do take my wallet, keys and phone every time I’m leaving the house. And my earphones. Is there anything else I could be "taking?"

I do think I should be eating more than I already am. I should boil eggs, keep them in the fridge, prepare them and have them as snacks throughout the day. I can and should put them in tupperware containers, slice them up and bring them to work with me.

I should shower at the gym after a workout, because I feel so much better afterwards (as opposed to walking home after a workout and THEN showering– the shower is more comfortable, but the walk is so unpleasant and deathly.

I should practice breaking down big problems into littler steps, and I should review my tasks every day. I have days where I don’t look at my tasks at all, which is okay if I intended it to be such (and it’s always good to look at things again with fresh new eyes), but it doesn’t help if I’m just avoiding myself.

Pause.

There are a couple of things on my mind from a couple of things I've just revisited and read– one is the Anthony Robbins idea that if you want to change your life, you need to change the story you tell yourself, and you need to feed that story by then using it as lens, and looking for evidence to confirm that belief, and to practice it like exercise.

The other is something I read by James Clear, talking about the Miranda rule, and the idea of a Bright Line. The bright line is about making decisions in advance with clear rules. Without bright lines, decisions are made by going into muddy case-by-case situations. While this might seem like a fun challenge in the abstract, in reality it can be exhausting and, worse still, often lead to the same undesirable outcome over and over again. Even if the right decision is made in a specific instance, far too much energy was expended on it, and we're likely to make bad decisions down the line from it.

So by having clear rules about what can and cannot be acceptable, about having clear requirements and clear failure conditions, a lot of decision-making is externalized and a lot of energy is freed up to be focused on less trivial things. An example of a bright line might be– I'll always publish a word-vomit before going to bed, except in the case of a life-threatening emergency. It might lead to some suboptimal outcomes such as me going to bed late the day before I have a meeting, but that little loss is worth the benefit of having a vomit published every single night.

These sentences sound strange and foreign to me. A part of me is laughing, but it's not the "ahahahah this is totally not going to work" laugh that I hear when I make extremely elaborate plans with loads of moving parts. It's a more of a slightly uncomfortable laughter. It's a realization that if I do make these rules and I stick to them, a lot of my behavior will have to change.

But the drawing up of lines and sticking to them is the hard part. I've learened the hard way that I can't suddenly change my entirely life by trying to do everything differently all at once. That's what I used to do with my Simcity games– try to use up all my resources at once, building everything all at once– and then find that not only does the city seem lifeless and over-large, with no soul, too much central planning, etc, but the cost of maintaining it is to high and I can't afford to pay the upkeep. My noble intentions would go to waste. THe only way to actually get the city to work was to start by building a little town that worked, then to use the revenue from that to expand.

And I think the important insight that I might be missing here is– that's not just an unfortunate cost that I have to live with because I have limited resources. The city literally feels more signifiant and important to me because of the way I grow and build it. Iteratie development (now I'm reminded of a Facebook note by Boz, one of the early Facebook employees, talking about how they learned all sorts of important things by restricting access to Facebook in the early days.)

The same should apply to personal development. It has to be an MVP, it has to be closely studied and carefully guarded before you can expand it. Get one thing right.
It's the 12th of May, 2015. It's 2:48am. I'm recovering from a pretty nasty cold or flu, and I find myself rather embarrassed and ashamed that I'm almost 25 years old and I still haven't learnt internalized the simple fundamentals of good health– to sleep well, eat well, exercise, work hard, play hard, socialize, read, write, rest.

For the past 4 days, my mind has been incapacitated. I've been tired and sleep deprived and I haven't been very productive by any measure. Except maybe for the fact that I've been reading more than usual.

I think it's fair to say that I've been in a bit of a funk. I don't want to say depressed, I don't think it's that bad a funk, and I do think I have a lot of things to be grateful for. I'm aware of the things I need to do to deal with my circumstances. It's quite funny and frustrating at the same time how all the solutions are fundamentally, conceptually simple– just so hard to execute on.

In November 2014 I unfollowed and unfriended everyone on Facebook to see what it would be like. I did the same on Twitter and Instagram and such. And I've written a few vomits about what it was like at the time– a sort of deafening silence. And there were both pros and cons to that, I think. The biggest pro was that I learned that I didn't need to respond to every single thing, that I didn't need to worry so much about the approval of others, that not every single little issue was worth examining in great detail. I mean– TECHNICALLY yes, but there's opportunity cost. And being away from Facebook helped me contextualize that.

The biggest con I guess was a lack of social interaction. I haven't really interacted much with anybody other than my wife and my colleagues over the past year. I've become a bit of a recluse. I told my boss– I don't really know what I care about anymore. Yeah, I still like writing, but to what end? What am I supposed to be writing about? I'm guessing the answer is just barely out of sight for me right now, which can be a bit painful, but I do have faith that I'll get a better sense of it as I go. Maybe even these vomits are sort of draining because they're not directed at anybody in particular, they don't address anybody in particular, and maybe I do need some of that. That sense of significance, that social validation. I've had very little of it since I detached completely from everything. And while I WAS kinda overstimulated for the years preceding The Great Unfriending, I think I've been a little understimulated since. Books do seem to alleviate that a little bit, but clearly my situation is suboptimal.

I feel like if there's a big lesson here somewhere, it actually has to do with the passage of time, and how bad I am at making sense of it, and what it would be like. Somebody gave a TED talk about this– was it Barry Schwartz? – about how people systematically underestimate how much their lives will change over any given time period. We assume things will stay about the same, but really, things change more than we are able to imagine. [1]

The biggest real loss I've had from unfriending everybody isn't actually the validation of Likes and such– that I think I've learned to live without. I think the biggest loss is the lack of access to immediate information. I used to be able to ask for recommendations and suggestions and get them immediately, and I loved that. I'd like to be able to do that again.

As I went through my old statuses and updates, I found it interesting to see familiar names and faces and realize that I had had thoughts and opinions about many of these people that I no longer hold because they're no longer relevant or valid. It makes me realize that I was operating in such narrow conditions– I might like or dislike a person more or less because of a specific argument that we might've had had on the Internet about something that's almost definitely not relevant anymore.

That's another thing to think about– if everything that I used to talk about when I was on Facebook all the time... turned out to be inconsequential, then what IS consequential? What SHOULD I be talking about? Where SHOULD I be devoting my time and energy to?

Service, I guess. Helping people who need help. Looking back there were a few things that I did right. I suppose it still makes sense to go back and revise what I did, to see what worked and what didn't. I was looking through some argument and smiling and shaking my head at how inconsequential it was, and yet there were also times where I had written and created things of genuine value. I guess learning to see the distinction between the two would have meant that my time wasn't entirely spent in vain.

As time goes by, I learn that I'm more fragile than I thought. I'm more vulnerable than I thought. I'm less discerning than I thought. I don't actually know what works. I don't actually know what the world needs, except maybe real honesty, sincerity... we'll see.

Another thing I guess is realizing that I shouldn't try too hard to do justice to everything all the time. I shouldn't try to hold on to many different things and hope to do justice to them later. If something is going to come through, it's going to come through. If something that happened earlier is going to resonate, then it is.

[1]  I'm probably underestimating how much things like Bitcoin are going to affect my career in the future. I do think I'll end up writing for a living somehow, so it makes sense to double down on this and just do more of it. Maybe I need to be writing outside of my 1000 vomits too, just to keep that public-facing writing edge sharp. Or maybe not. We'll see.

What do I really want?

Why do I overthink, and what should I do when I'm overthinking?

What is happening as I recalibrate my expectations?

How and why do I self-flagellate?

What do I need to let go of, and how do I do it?

What happens to my habits and routines, and what have I been mistaken about?

What makes me happy?

I feel a little bit worried that as I do these vomits, it's going to be a little impossible to connect the dots. I might have bitten off more than I can chew there. I don't want to spend too long trying to find too much meaning in the first million words that I've writtenfor the sake of writing a million words.

That's new, that's changed. I was pretty certain when I was starting out that there was going to be a ton of value in these vomits– I wouldn't know what it was going to be, but it was going to be a pleasure trawling through all of them.

Which reminds me– I keep telling myself that I'm going to set aside time to go through my old Facebook and Twitter posts and study myself objectively. I've never really done it. I wonder why. Is it because I'm afraid of doing it? Maybe. I think the simpler reason is– it feels like an overly daunting project. So my life is hindered by the fact that I'm really bad at project management. Doing these vomits is a way of teaching myself project management. I really want to figure myself out. I do know the continental/zen perspective which is that you'll never truly be able to figure yourself out, that this is a linear progress, and that it's only as hard as you make it out to be. You only have to suffer as much as you think you have to suffer.

Well for some reason I think I need to suffer this. Which is a big change from my earlier teenage days, where I believed that life could be spent simply avoiding suffering as much as possible. Just play, run, hide, avoid, escape, come up with witty clever things, avoid facing things.

Now I'm thinking, yes, The Obstacle Is The Way. It's all a little subtle and complex, and it's so easy to get the wrong idea. It's so easy to get fixated. And I can't quite think my way out of it. I can do some thinking, sure, but the important thing is that I then let go and meditate somehow, allow the thoughts to fall where they should. There's an element of trust and faith that goes into the whole thing.

So what's the obstacle right now? Me and my fears, I guess. That's probably always the case. Right now as I'm writing this I'm really just trying to get to the end of this vomit so I can cross an X on the chart. And then I can "move on" to writing about specific topics. Here I see the limitation of these vomits– I find myself compelled to be somewhat topical, or consistent within the vomits... or something like that.

I suppose while I have another 200 words or so to go I could just ramble about how it feels like my language is getting worse. Maybe it needs to get worse before it gets better, but it feels like I can't say anything anymore because everything I say is obviously limited, broken, imperfect, imprecise. I feel like I need to carefully frame and qualify everything I'm going to say, and that's goddamn exhausting. But I'm not quite enlightened enough to just sit in silence, either. I have problems that I want to work out. And I recognize that I can't work them out by bashing into them, but I can't quite work them out just by leaving them alone altogether. The gordian knot slicing solution is not an option right now. At least, not until the end of the 1000 vomits. I need to have at least tried.

Is this a form of self-flaggelation? Maybe. But it feels like something I ought to get out of the way. Maybe I need to ramble about it and see for myself how pointless it is before I can truly let go. If that's the case I'd like to do it as soon as possible.

[1]  I could go back and re-evaluate all my gaps but I feel like that would be a bit of a timesink right now. It's more interesting if I say what I think without getting extra context, and then evaluate everything at the end of the whole project. I think not publishing a vomit for a whole week is a warning sign. Ideally I should be publishing at least one every one to two days, and I should definitely be publishing at least one every weekend. Because I know that vomits are my therapy– writing helps me to clear my head. It's a form of meditation for me.

When I ask myself questions about things like "Why did I not sleep late at night?" the answer the self-flaggelator gives (or the child gives the self-flaggelator) is "because I'm an irresponsible fuck". But that's apparently not satisfactory as an answer, and I see how it is. It's not a cause-and-effect explanation, it's a label. It's like saying "he's doing badly in school because he's black." That sounds like a horrible thing to say about somebody else, so how can we say such things about ourselves?

I suppose this is where genuinely radical self-love comes in– radical not in doing extreme things, radical not in grand gestures or proclamations– radical in a simple question, radical in a simple act of defiance against conventional wisdom.

So why, Visa? Why are you stuck where you are? If you can't yet recognize that you're not, what is this illusion that you're clinging on to, so hard, for dear life?

I can't seem to think my way out of this one, at least not yet. I find myself returning to answers from the past, from my childhood. Oh, my parents were a certain way, my upbringing was a certain way, it's inherited habits, it takes a long time to fix, etc. Sure. But if I now recognize that I was in a bad place, and I want to go to a good place, what's stopping me from going to the good place?

Well let's break it down. First you need to know where you are. Then you need to know where you're going. Then you need to know what's the path from where you are to where you're going. Then you need to know what steps you need to take to make progress along the path.

I suppose the problem is that... in moments of reflection, these things seem clear, but in the fog of day-to-day life, these things become much less clear. And in the darkness I get scared and cling to old things that are familiar. I fail to follow the plan because I don't recognize the plan in the dark, and I start doubting myself, start thinking maybe I'm not ready, maybe I don't know what I'm doing.

So at least a part of the solution is to really make these plans clearer. What's my main thing right now? I don't actually know. I haven't actually written it down. And as long as that thing isn't in stone, I'm going to default to what IS in stone– which is whatever old habits I was familiar with.

So the problem is that I haven't got a clear roadmap that's tattooed into my brain, onto my skin. I quickly forget, in the heat of the moment, what I want, what I'm working towards, what I'm going for. And the self-flaggelation happens afterwards, when I'm confronted and I need to justify why I was screwing up. It's easier to say "I'm a fuck" than to say "I didn't hold on to my goals and plans". The real solution should be to handcuff myself to my plans, at least for a few months or so. And I suppose I'm afraid of doing that. I always find some way to weasel out of that.

But weaseling is not a long-term solution. The handcuffs lead me to freedom. This is what my parents and teachers tried to get me to see when I was a kid. Timetables aren't meant to restrict you. They're meant to free you. I need to see this.
A mental picture I've been amused with and enjoying for a while. I like to think and talk about the Hero's Journey, about dungeons and dragons and trials and triumphs and so on. And I have a bit of a thing for sci-fi and fantasy and all those cool things. So I tried to think about my own life and how that would map onto some sort of narrative.

Which reminds me of the funny problem of the first novel I tried to write. I tried to write about some sort of hero figure (his name was Cyrus Blackthorne). The problem was, he was too heroic. He was perfectly well-adjusted, perfectly smart and wise, strong, and able to do everything. There was no conflict. He was from some Kingdom that was turning evil or something, and he showed up in a tavern where he was challenged to a fight, and in all his badassery he won the fight, and then he left the tavern and continued to be a badass.

I was never able to finish the story, because there was no conflict. There was nothing interesting. There was no loss, no pain, no suffering. Just a cool guy going around being cool. Years later, some guy on Facebook would ask me to critique his novel, and he had the exact same sort of character. Ultimate Badass. In our eagerness to describe a badass, we forget that people only sympathize with characters who struggle and suffer. We care more about people's efforts than their successes.

Maybe one day I'll rewrite the story of Cyrus Blackthorne, just for kicks. But in the meantime I've been thinking about my own life, my own narrative. And I realize that of all the classes, I'm mostly a bard, a jester. At least that's how I started out. I'd be the village idiot, the village fool, entertaining and annoying people with my clever tales. I'd get all the Village Likes, sometimes getting into stupid arguments, sometimes pissing people off, generally being an annoying but entertaining fly of sorts.

But eventually this village idiot started to disrespect his audience, and himself. It seemed too easy. In The Game, Neil Strauss talks about how pickup artists tended to disrespect their targets just as standup comedians start to disrespect their audience when they can practice a canned routine and get canned laughs. The whole experience becomes canned, predictable, formulaic, robotic. That was the fate of my village idiot. The village idiot decided to spend some time alone in his room thinking about what he wanted to do with his time. Platitudes like "you only live once" started to seem a little meaningless if he was spending all his time mocking and entertaining the drunks.

What was outside the tavern? What was outside the village? What do you really know if you spend all your time in it? Do you really want to be the greatest village idiot ever known in the tavern? Well... you know, once you begin that line of inquiry you're kind of fucked. You have to get out just to answer that question. And once you get out your context changes, everything changes.

So the village idiot decided to do the most idiotic thing of all– he gave up his act. Well... his mind still ran acts on him, and would continue to play those old scripts inside his head. It was his way of seeing, his way of navigating reality. So that will probably never leave him entirely. Decades from that moment, when he got into serious circumstances, his mind would still probably offer him silly bawdy jokes.

But anyway so the idiot decided to go into the woods, to see what was essential, truly live, blah blah Thoreau. Once he was in the forest he found it hard to figure out what his original intents and motives were. Was he angry? Frustrated? Bored? Curious? Maybe all of that. But his context had shifted so radically that his old language seemed inadequate.

And the woods seem kind of boring too, though maybe that's largely just a matter of perception. He's used to the village and all its noise and color. There's a lot of artificial validation back in the village, lots of people talking shop all the time. But none of it seemed to really matter so he felt like he had no choice but to leave. He returns to the village for a couple of days from time to time, but finds that he can no longer enjoy himself there. Everything suddenly feels fake, contrived, trivial. Everything is trivial, of course, but having answered the "call"– not exactly a call to adventure, but a sort of call anyway– his perspective has changed. The only way he can find any sort of meaning– insofar as "meaning" itself matters in any way (and it's dawning on him that it pretty much doesn't)– is to head further into the forest.

But the forest isn't the interesting, pretty, wonderful place that he was hoping it would be. He knew that it probably wouldn't be, that the tales of heroes and great folks who bravely voyaged into it would likely be a little overblown, a little dramatized... but he wasn't quite prepared for just how mundane it would be.

It's dawning on him that that's all "enlightenment" really is. It's just about survival, about appreciating the little things– the streams and the woods and the sunshine. But he gets tired and hungry and itchy and muddy and gross. Maybe from time to time he might catch a glimpse of some sort of exalted elegance, being one with nature and all that– but really, most of it is boring and mundane.

Inside his head, things haven't really gotten very quiet. He's still overthinking. He's still longing for validation despite realizing that it's all manufactured, it's all a game, and that everything simply is– purposelessly, just drifting. He has to learn to live with himself and the story doesn't get very much more interesting than that, for the forseeable future.
Well, why? I've been holding on to old things. Why? Because those things give me comfort. What sort of comfort? Familiarity, really. But that stuff doesn't help. The cheese has moved, and I need to lace up my shoes and start running and looking for the new cheese. So this is me trying to do that, somehow.

What changes, what stays the same? Should you try to break everything all at once? That seems unnecessarily daunting. My problem is project management, I need to break down the project into manageable chunks. What can I address right now? I feel I want to worry less about ultimate big pictures, because those things seem invariably limited and limiting. All I can really do is to try to break out of my existing box. Okay. What is the nature of my existing box? It seems to be largely defined by wasteful habits. I spent a bunch of time on reddit and imgur in the past couple of hours, which I found frustrating. Why do I do that? Because when you're aimless, any road will take you where you want to go (which is nowhere). So if I want to make any sort of progress I first need to have some vague sense of where I want to go, even if it might be that I ultimately change my idea about that.

Well, okay. Where do I want to go? Who do I want to be? I want to be free from minor anxieties and stresses. And the way to do that is to be proactive. I'm not nearly as proactive as I'd like to be. I still react to things. I've somehow decided in my mind that there's nothing better to get me to create things that last-minute pressures and desperations. I still hold that belief inside my head somewhere, even though I intellectually recognize it to be suboptimal. I still celebrate myself when I successfully pull it off. But the big picture reveals that last minute panic and response is a painful path, and I don't want to be on my deathbed and look back on my life and think "Wow, I was so unnecessarily stressed all the time." Hell, I don't want to be 30 or even 25 and feel that way.

So I need to eliminate a lot of things. Maybe I should go through my workflowy and delete as much as possible. Maybe I should list out all my habits and behaviors and see what I typically do, and figure out what I ought to replace them. Thinking about self-perception and identity feels a bit problematic right now. I don't feel like I can have a grand larger vision for myself. All I want for the foreseeable future is to break out of my current patterns and routines. Exercise and sleep are a huge part of that, so I'm going to go for a run later and I'm going to sleep early tonight. Okay. What do I need to do so I sleep well tonight? I feel like I should do a few more word vomits. Ideally I'd like to do 15 altogether, so that I wake up tomorrow at 0340. And I'd like to finish the weekend having crossed 350. A part of me fantasizes about crossing 400 but I'm pretty sure that's impossible. If I have done 10 vomits today I would've gone back to my previous "good limit". Equalled my personal best. To break my personal best I need to do 13.

Okay, that's on my mind, and I don't want to make that my main focus. So what should my main focus be? I feel like I should write down some of the Success principle type things on my notes. I want to start a few X effects. 1 for meditation, since that's clearly going to help me. 1 for writing word vomits. 1 for daily reviews. Would that be enough? Is that too many? Oh yeah, and one for going to bed early.

God, I keep circling around the same things over and over again and not doing very much about them. I guess this is just part of the process. But there has to be something missing. The missing thing is probably... accountability? Hopefully the notes to self and the X-effect stuff help with that. I want to run 2.4 kilometers in under 12 minutes. I feel like that would be something I can be proud of. Currently I haven't been able to go under 15 minutes. I believe 15:30 is my best time in recent times, and I seem to be stuck around 16:00. Getting under 15 would be nice, bit I'll still feel sad at 13. Under 13 is where I go from feeling like a fail to feeling like something decent. Under 12 would make me feel good, under 11 would make me feel really, really good.

If there's one thing I think I never appreciate enough, it's how much of the mental state is affected by the physical condition. I'm not just my mind, I'm also my body. I beat my heart, I breathe myself. I need to take care of my body before I can let my brain progress to the next level.
I was tweeting to myself recently, where the village idiot was asking the tree spirit, "why am I stuck?" And the tree spirit jokes, "you aren't." So much of stucked-ness is imagined, it's clinging on to old patterns, old thoughts, old grudges, concerns, worries, so on. At any moment I can get up. I can walk out of the door. I can spend some money. I can go for a run. I can go to the gym. What I do there may disappoint me because I have all these unrealistic expectations and false ideas about who I am and what I can do. This applies even to work that I'm doing, because I tend to pretend that I can do more than I can actually do– until last minute panic kicks in, and I'm forced to throw all my standards and expectations out of the window just to finish something that's hopefully satisfactory.

So I suppose the first thing I need to do is to discard all of my expectations about who I am, what my abilities are. I should throw "Gifted student" and "Quora Top Writer" and similar things out of the window– those things are just giving me an inflated sense of self-worth. Those are past victories, they were things that a different person did at a different time, and I'm a different person now. I have to confront each moment as it comes. I have to face each day as it comes. The challenge is to earn my keep on this planet each day, and to go to sleep each night feeling happy and fulfilled. I spend far too much time clinging onto past glory or perceptions of glory (often retconned substantially– how the mind is eager to rationalize things so that I can feel comfortable about things!).

Well, okay. So today I'm a person who's sitting at home doing as much writing as he can. That's it. Maybe to avoid overthinking I should let go of big picture concerns (beyond the most quick sketches– which are probably better than attempts to flesh things out in great detail... I might be wrong about that but let's just leave it at that). I should instead just ask myself– what do I want to do in this moment? What do I want to do with these few hours? How do I want to spend my day? And after I've done my basic commitment to writing and meditating and maybe reading a little (it's a little worrying that I haven't figured this out into a fixed routine yet– I should work on that later), I should then think a little broader. What do I want to accomplish this week? This month? This year? I haven't thought about those things in months. Every day is just a really cloudy battle for survival. And overthinking about little specifics that are perhaps urgent but unimportant provide me with a plausible excuse.

Overthinking is busyness of the mind. It excuses pretty much anything. But when I let go and breathe, allow the moment to float, I realize that it's all up to me. I am the director of the theater that is my life. There will be things that happen beyond my control, sure, but I have far more control than I let myself on to. I could get up and dance around my house right now if I felt like it. So what are the things I feel like doing? I guess I'll spend my next break between pomodoros meditating to see how I feel about that. I still have 18 minutes to finish this vomit and probably start on the next one. I think the thing that's on my mind– that I have said is on my mind– are my habits and routines. So I'll write those down in the next vomit. The idea has seemed a little silly to me, but then the idea that any idea is silly within the context of the word vomit project is even sillier. I'm worrying about some sort of judgement from some sort of invisible unknown, when really, c'mon Visa, this whole project is just for you. This whole thing is just for you. You can do whatever you like. You can do whatever you feel like you need to do. So do that, and fuck what anybody else thinks.

So to wrap up– why do I overthink? I do it to avoid making decisions. It's rationalization. I do it to avoid the harder work of deciding something and then making that decision happen, executing. Executing is scary. Yes, even after all these years. It'll probably always be scary. But isn't it scarier that days, weeks, months, years go by without any sort of deep joy? Deep joy comes from knowing deep down in the subconscious that we are having fun, we have earned the right to have fun, we are not a burden to anybody else– we are a pleasure to have. We are reliable. We are useful. We are valued. That's something relatively simple. It's not rocket surgery. It's just delivering on what we said we would. And if we said too much, well, we can still focus on the most important things first. So let's do that. And not think so much.
Waking:

When I wake up in the morning, I tend to lay in bed for a rather long time. I tend to pick up my phone and start going through social media– A trifecta of Twitter, Facebook, Instagram. I'm not as attached to these things as I used to be, but I do think it feels somewhat suboptimal. It's lousy information-diet. It would be weird to wake up in the morning and eat a cinnabon and drink a coke, and I would find that to be troubling. But because so many people seem to be online at any moment, it seems completely normal.

So I'd like to change that. I think the first thing I should do is make sure that I don't have my phone in my bedroom. I go to bed with my phone, too, and that's equally destructive. I should be able to improve my life substantially just by going to bed early and leaving my phone and laptop outside the bedroom.

Breakfast:

I don't usually have it. I have occasionally prepared eggs (scrambled), but that seems like too much effort. I used to think that boiled eggs weren't very appetizing, but I realize with a little salt and pepper and maybe a couple of cherry tomatos they can be quite nice. Add a glass of milk or a packet of milo (both of which I should always have in my fridge, because they are options that I enjoy sampling if I have them)

Toilet:

I like to read when I'm on the throne. Sometimes stuff on my phone, sometimes books. I read all of The Power Of Now and The Game on the toilet. I'm now going through Steve Wozniak's autobiography iWoz, which is quite a fun and enjoyable read. I should make it a point never to bring my phone into the toilet anymore. There is a cost to being so constantly connected all the time.

Morning review:

This is something I think I ought to do but I've never gotten around to doing. I think because it's not clear exactly what the objective is. Am I preparing for the workday? My days start with work, so I feel like I ought to do this when I get to work.

Morning Wife-time:

There have been a couple of moments in the past where both me and the wife woke up early, and we spent some time together before heading off for work. I really like that, it makes us feel closer and it fulfills some sort of need for closeness and family. It's rough when we have to wake up and just rush to work and there's no togetherness or intimacy. This is a good reason for both of us to wake up earlier in the morning, maybe have a cup of tea together and just appreciate each other's company. Maybe read a chapter of a book or do some writing.

Morning exercise:

If I wake up before 8am or so, I'd love to go for a run or hit the gym. I think ideally I should wake up about 6am and just exercise immediately before anything else. This rarely happens because I rarely wake up early, and when I do wake up early I just feel tired and annoyed with the fact that I'm awake. I drag my feet into the day, which is really depressing when I think about it. I should have a reason to wake up in the morning. I have a goal of becoming a better runner, so I think I should tie that to waking early. Wake early so I can go for a run so I can get fitter and feel happier and more accomplished about myself. I'd also like to develop a gym habit, but for the time being I think just going for runs is way simpler.

Commute:

My commutes are generally unpleasant. I have a fantasy idea of going to work REALLY early in the morning, before the morning crowd, but that just doesn't seem like something that's doable in the immediate future. So let's shelve that for "think about this once you already wake up early, regularly."

Besides that, I'd like to either do some good reading or writing on the train. I could save all the good pieces of writing to pocket– I have a list of things in workflowy and such. I should lineup commute reads and do them. Or I could read a book on the way– I've found that book reading is quite a pleasant thing to do on commutes (as far as commutes can be pleasant.) They're somehow less draining than staring at my phone screen– which does make sense. So maybe I should first prioritize books to read on the way to work– they shouldn't be too challenging or complex, they should be pleasant enough for easy reading without me wanting to write in them, take notes, etc.

Prioritize books. Then prioritize phone commute reads (I get utlity reading and rereading things from paul graham, ribbonfarm, and maybe I should get into a bunch of the other writers I've got lying around.)

Reaching work:

If I reach work really early (rare), I'd like to have some time to plan out my workday. I should pick a most important work task for the day, and make sure that I get it done as early as possible. It would be amazing if I were able to get it done before lunch– that would improve the tone of the rest of my day, and make me feel a lot freer to rest.

I'd like to spend a few moments getting coffee and soaking in the atmosphere of the folks who are there earlier. There's something about the coffee place I hang out at sometimes that makes me feel better. I guess it's just the social animal part of me.

I'd then like to pick a specific task and really attack it. I don't do that enough. Barely do it at all. What I tend to do instead is sit at my desk and then open up every single thing that I have, and then just bounce between them over and over again until lunch, then come back from lunch, get distracted for a while on random internet shit, and then bounce between stuff over and over again unless there's a meeting or something that I need to prepare for– in which case I rush out those things at the last possible minute.

What's the way out of this? Well, I shouldn't be opening many things. I should pick a specific task, and then go somewhere where I'm forced to do the task and nothing else. I should even turn off my wifi if possible.

I tend to linger at work until pretty late-ish, especially if I've been relatively unproductive. This is irrational– it's me hoping that spending more time at work means that I'll get more stuff done. Which reminds me of my experience in NS, when I used to saw away slowly and laboriously at some thick cloth that I had to cut. Turns out that hard, sharp, fast strokes cut a lot deeper than monotonous sawing. That's how I ought to approach my work. Really hard, focused bursts rather than a general vagueness.

I should leave work on time– maybe even a little early, if I get all my stuff done. Getting home before sunset makes me feel happy. I like seeing sunlight through my window at home, it makes me feel a little happier to be alive and a little less dark and depressed. I guess it's just nice to be out and about in the sunlight. This is yet another reason to wake up early in the morning. I especially like being up and about before it gets too hot– that is, 7am to 9am or so. It's nice to head out to exercise.

Commute home:

Again, I should either read a book or read something interesting, or if something's on my mind, write a word vomit.

Shower:

I should always shower immediately when I get home. It just makes me instantly feel so much better. Sometimes what I do is... I come back and I'm tired so I lie on the sofa for a while, or I do some work (which honestly, I should complete at work itself, at least 95% of the time).

Dinner:

When my wife was working in the same building as me, we used to have dinner out pretty regularly. I guess now that we're apart, I typically either buy dinner home, or she prepares something before I get back. We need to sit down and figure out our meal plans in advance, otherwise we tend to default to rather unhealthy options. If we plan early, I can buy whatever groceries we might need on the way home from work.

Which makes me think about eating healthy snacks at work. We have granola bars, somehow I haven't gotten around to eating them very much anymore. As I think this, I realize I'm a little hungry and I should go put something in my mouth. Okay, back. Just ate a granola bar. Interesting. I realize that I don't typically eat them as much as I ought to because they're a little tedious to eat– they flake, and they're a little dry and rough. But I also realize that I very quickly feel a rush of energy in my head. Which is something that will be very useful when I'm trying to do work. So I guess I should be mindful of that. "It's a little tedious but not actually as tedious as you think, and it refuels you so you're able to do better work, faster, be done faster, and be happier." I should do the same for everything that I know I want to do. These things shouldn't be reasoned decisions each time, that's unnecessarily costly in terms of willpower. I should have these decisions made in advance– I will go to the gym because it will make me feel better and fitter and stronger and I will have earned my keep. I need to do the cost/benefit analysis in advance, rather than at the beginning of each act.

Cleaning up:

I should always clean up after dinner, etc. I hate seeing dishes in the sink, it just makes me feel sloppy and disgusting. I like living and working in clean spaces. To my credit I think I do this more often than not. But usually if I don't do it it's because I postpone it to a mythical later. Postponing things is one of my greatest tragedies.

Time-before-sleep:

If I don't plan anything, we tend to just sit on our computers and browse nonsense on the internet. Sometimes we go out or watch a movie if we make plans, but they don't happen nearly as much as they ought to.

Finally, I ought to do a review of the day every night before I go to bed. And a word vomit, if anything's on my mind. And then I should wind down with a book and go to bed. I should leave my phone and laptop outside.

Fairly superficial post. The key insights– talk is cheap, and everything you do or not-do is a decision you made.

Comments:

"I watch TV and turn on the internet– excuses that I need background noise. But the truth is I can only really work when I have zero distractions." – Environment problem. Solve by putting yourself in a situation with no distractions.
"It's also hard for me to keep to a schedule– I feel trapped, like I'm setting myself up for failure." – Expectancy problem. Don't make huge plans, make small ones.
I enjoy writing but I need to think of it as a business and not a habit." Decision problem. Have not made the decision to Go Pro.
"Have trouble putting my finger on a single time suck– email would be a good candidate." – Impulsiveness problem. Need to be more conscious of each action. Need to study/measure behavior.
"No trouble brainstorming, but can't prioritize best over good." – Prioritization problem. Need to break it down into what makes things good vs great.
"Fear of failure." – Embrace it. Decide to fail 1000 times.
"Brain drain from long commutes" – commutes can be spent writing, or thinking about what to write.
"Feel like life isn't interesting enough to write about." – everything is interesting if you dig into it deeply enough.
"Distractions at home and on the computer." – Need to decide in advance that writing is a priority.
"Confidence crisis + depression." Exercise, and write about the crisis + depression. ("Well, you wrote this!")
"Can I really pay the bills with it?" – No point thinking about this early on. Pay the bills however you need to, and write as much as you can.
"Writing procrastinators remind me of wannabe pop stars playing air guitar and focusing on the clothes and hair." – Yup. If you're a writer, write.
"I used to procrastinate, then I had kids– my kid-fre time became so short and sacred that I had to write immediately because later didn't exist." – Interesting point about constraints. Shobha said something similar.
"I have days where I want to do anything but my actual work." – Usually fear, frustration, expectations. Expectancy/Value problem.
"I don't procrastinate until I get an assignment I don't like. Agreed on writing on 'insurance marketing in the age of obamacare'– didn't know anything about it, was going to take really long. Waited until the last week to start researching and writing it." – Ideally, don't accept projects you don't feel good about. Hell yes or no. Realistically we don't always have that luxury of choice. Break it down into little chunks and get a little bit done everyday.
"Fear of rejection." – assume you'll get rejected. War of Art.
"Check Facebook too often." – pomodoro, focused work, etc
"What does stop me: Fear, doubt, anxiety." – address it, write down the reasons. It's less scary once it's on paper. Might even sound silly. Check out the Asana co-founder's article on it.
"Exhaustion." – Exercise and sleep.

Procrastinators get stuck in the deliberation phase– weighing our options. Failure to enter the implemental phase. This requires terminating the deliberation process.
Procrastination either leads to or is caused by fear. Important tasks are the scariest, so we choose zero-risk and unimportant filler activities. Trivial games, social media, etc.
Perfectionism is an excuse, worn as a mask to disguise fear. Imperfect action is the only reality we have.
Psuedo-benefit of procrastination is that it maintains the illusion of perfection. When you pull the trigger and say "I'm going to work on this now", you're exposed to an entire wave of imperfection. Before the action, it seems possible to enter the perfect mood, have the perfect idea, get the perfect result.
Act, Adapt, Conquer.

I alluded to this in a post about Minimum Viable Content– doing too much research is actually dangerous, because you exhaust yourself and you have too much context and now can never do it justice. Write fast and write imperfectly.

Fear that you won't be able to complete the task.

Fear the consequences of perceived failure– that others will judge you for your failure. Procrastination then is cathartic risk avoidance. You're procrastinating to avoid facing up to the fear of failure.

If you're afraid of letting yourself down, take clear steps to ensure you don't fail. (Avoiding Catastrophic Failure.)

Fearing social judgement– outcome doesn't matter as long as you gave it a good shot. And you can always say that it's a draft, and that you don't know what you're doing, and you'll do better after some feedback.

There is a problem preventing you from working, so identify it and solve it.

Tired? Gain energy– exercise, eat, nap, meditate, rest.
Unmotivated? Watch a video (one!), remind yourself of the reason why you're doing this
Distracted? Change the environment to one of no distraction

Simplify your thoughts and energy to begin the first tiny, easy step.

When you're procrastinating, don't start "what's wrong with me this time", just identify and take the first step. Make it a habit.

Do nothing. (Meditate. Take a walk. Go for a run.) Instinctual response to being overwhelmed is to escape– by mindless web surfing, distractions, etc.

Write down what you're not doing.

Is there something with a specific deadline that needs doing? Do that.
What sounds like a smart choice right now? Do that.
What would make me feel good tomorrow, having done it today? Do that.

1- Find out why you procrastinate.

Is the task:

Unpleasant? Boring? (Low value)
Difficult/Frustrating/Overwhelming? (Low expectancy)

Had to review 200 page document – procrastinated every day. Problem: Was looking at the whole task, instead of breaking it down into little tasks. (Expectancy hack)

2– Salami-slice your task

Break big things into little tasks. You start cleaning your house with one room, and one room with one desk.

3– Structure your tasks

Don't "write a book", break it down into chapters, define the order of chapters, make a plan. Easier then to focus on the first step and the first page, because you have the whole picture in mind and clarity on the outcome. Write it down.

4– Define the cost of procrastination

"Visualise the outcome that isn't happening because of your inaction." – losing money, ruining relationships with people, letting people down, etc.

5– Limit your time

"Someday is not a day of the week." Schedule a few minutes at a time. (Hyperbolic discounting?)

6– Don't try to be perfect

Done &gt; Perfect. Perfect is a trap. Prototype &gt; 1000 meetings. Cost of doing too much research/planning/deliberating.

7– Focus on the first 5 minutes

Don't think about the big task. Get started.

8– Commit

Use commitment devices.

5:30 min video about using stakes and commitment devices. He didn't get fit until he paid $$ for a personal trainer, and didn't finish his webinar slides until he announced the date and couldn't back out.

Pick one simple small goal you want to accomplish. $50 to a friend if you don't reach this goal in X amount of time. Write 3 blogposts in the next 3 weeks. Lose 2 pounds in 2 weeks.

1– Start with a todo list– things you can check off. (Dishes. 20 maths questions. 5 pages of english lit.) Suggestion: Put 10 pieces of paper in a box, and do one at a time. Easier to deal with, less overwhelming.

2– Calendar. Schedule specific times to do things, rather than "someday", or "later".

3– Micro goals. Eat the elephant one bite at a time. Schedule mini-assignments under a specific hour and day, preferably same time every day. Set a timer for 1-2 hrs and do nothing else. Then reward yourself. (Damn, I NEVER did this in school.)

4– Call yourself out. Recognize when you're doing it. (Pay attention to unhealthy patterns you have established. For me it's reddit/imgur + 1000 tabs)

5– Backup plan. This is a little strange... something like have 3-5 little tasks you can do (cleaning your room, doing the laundry, clearing out old documents) to get into the productivity zone. This probably wouldn't work for me– I'd spend the whole day on tangential tasks that emerge from the earlier tasks.

6– Unplug. Create distraction free environment, no Facebook when working

7– Get Inspired. Music tutor, when lazy, goes to concerts– sees great musicians, feels inspired, feels compelled to work hard. Watch documentaries, read biographies, learn about the effort of others. (Increase value/motivation)

Review of one of the best books on procrastination.

Low Expectancy Eddie (I'm surely going to fail),
Valerie Without Value (I don't do what I don't like doing),
Time Sensitive Tom (I think I have time... until I don't)

Motivation is key to limiting procrastination. More delay, less motivation. We trade short-term pleasure for long term gain. $1000 cash in your hands vs a cheque for how much a year from now? Most people want $2000 to $3000.  (The higher the amount, the more impulsive you are.)

SMART goals– specific, measurable, attainable, relevant, timely.

Instead of “Do my expense report tomorrow”, it should be “Gather all my receipts, itemize them and record them by lunchtime tomorrow.”
Instead of “Lose weight this year”, it should be “Limit my calories to 1,700 per day by eating a set menu for each meal and exercising for one hour at 4:30pm each day.”

Visualize and contrast – don't just visualize the positive outcome, compare it in detail with the present. The idea is to get motivated by the process.

– Hire people who are focused/disciplined at good at doing the things that you don't like doing (not always an option...)

– When bored, switch to doing to another important task. That way, you accomplish something. No zero days.

– Try doing X for 5 minutes before deciding if you don't want to do it.

Interesting to me how this person has a very different "energy". Sounds legitimately motivated.

The opposite of procrastination is being proactive. Traits: Persistence, Motivation and ambition, enthusiasm, ergency, hard-working, resilience.

Action is the result of choice (do now vs do later). Later seems more pleasant, but you'll miss out on the learning experience of solving the problem, the end result of the solved problem, and you'll still have to do it later. So do it now.

Making the choice takes discipline, which is a learned skill. A disciplined person has learned and internalized that a little pain now = more pleasure later. Also that it takes less energy to do it now than later.

"But I don't want to do it now, I don't feel so good"– If you only do important stuff on the days you feel good, then you won't do very much at all. If you do it now when you don't feel good, you can spend your good times doing fun stuff.


Don't plan 16 hrs of work in a single day– you'll get demotivated and procrastinate harder. Plan your play time. Do some fun stuff everyday. Plan your work around your leisure activities.

Work as little as possible, but make the hours (or half-hours) you do count. Then reward yourself– drink a cup of tea, go walk a little, then work another half-hour non-stop (pomodoro).

Reverse psychology– limit of not working more than 5 hours a given day, or less.

Be precise (measurable), write it down, deadline, list of all requirements, plan of action, take action immediately, do something every day

1– Fear of losing spontanity – unorganized people let life confront them. Schedules can and should allow flexibility, anad eventually more than randomness

2– negetive affirmations from the past– "I'm a lazy person". Always be doing.

3– Self-limiting beliefs. Some things I can't do. Lack of practice, belief = reality.

– tend to your physical needs– water, toilet, window, heating

– eliminate simple distractions (close your email client, put away your phone, close FB, chat, etc). Declutter your desk. Change location if you can't concentrate. Consider working at library.

Distractions when working– a single task at a time, finish it. you lose 20+ minutes every time youswitch tasks. When you get distracted, write down what distracts you and handle it later.

Increased focus and self-control: sleep, eat, meditate. relax. Go for a walk, go chat with someone, etc.

have a limited list. if new todos come, add to a different list. if emergency comes along, no choice– deal with it. if emergencies seem regular, put an item on next list to figure out the causes and reduce that.

Look for patterns in undone items– figure out what's stopping you. do you need motivation? do you need assistance?

schedule, delegate, group, prioritize

Delaying is rewarding– other people do it, or you don't get punished, or you avoid arguments, and things either solve themselves or get rendered moot

Rebelling against authorities – to indicate you're not agreeing with the options in the no-win situation. You can't openly rebel... procrastination might even be the only option that makes you feel like you have some control over your life

Diminishing fear of failure– domain of perfectionists. High standards, expert in self-criticism, subconscious tries to protect self from failure

Defense against fear of success– fearing extra responsibilities, wanting to be in stasis where you are

1- pomodoro technique 25/5, 25/5, 25/5, 25/15

2– browser extensions

3-Chindogu clock– sets your time ahead by up to 15 minutes, but you'll never know by how much

overestimate work required – induces paralysis. Focus on doing one small chunk at a time

fear of failure – tie your self-esteem to process, not outcome

focus on the beginning– you don't have to finish it right now, just reward yourself for chunks of work done

Today has been a pleasant, lackadaisical day. I did a whole bunch of word vomits yesterday. Today I woke up kinda late despite sleeping not too late (before midnight), and I just went with it. I finished reading Xenocide, and I had a healthy lunch and dinner prepared by my wife. We watched a silly movie (Lucy... hilariously bad) and then lazed around before going for a run.

I'm trying to improve my 2.4km timing, and my main approach to that is to simply run 2.4km over and over again until I feel like I know what I ought to work on specifically. The first few timings were pretty bad– 16 minutes, 15:30, 16, 15:40. And every single time I found that I'd go a little too fast at some points, and then have to stop to walk for a while. This time I tried to make sure that I jogged the whole way through, and broke the 15 minute barrier with a 14:52. It's still a "fail" timing, I think. And I feel like I really want to invest time into getting a great time. I would be happy to go under 12 minutes, really, really happy to go under 11, and if I can do under 10 I would be absolutely overjoyed. I would have surpassed my wildest expectations as a teenager. And I'm not even 25 years old yet.

I was hoping to go to bed by 11, but I underestimated how much time it would take for me to cool down after my run, and to get home. It's 11:50pm now. But I felt a bit uneasy, and I realized it's because yesterday I made a promise to myself to have no zero days with regards to my word vomits. It would be pretty shitty to have a blank space the very next day, so here I am writing one before I go to bed. I hope it'll strengthen my decision muscle and make me feel a little bit more like a man of my word. I also want to wake up early tomorrow, so I'll try to make this as quick as possible.

I'm tired of being tired. I'm tired of feeling like I haven't made a lot of progress on any front. I suppose not doing vomits for almost two weeks and not making much progress on my runs and gym sessions (I started too fast, too hard), and not sleeping very well... all of those things just compound into a "miserable" existence.

But so it's just about focusing on the basics, right? I've definitely made progress even if I don't feel it. I think a lot of it is in my body. I'm 79kg now. For as long as I can remember, I was 64.5kg. I was going to the gym and trying to gain weight and I simply couldn't. And then I got married and started work and I didn't feel like I had any time to work out (also I wasn't familiar with the location of the new gym, and I didn't really like the running routes available to me). But I figured, hey, I've been in stasis for most of my life– not terribly unfit– so things can't change too drastically, right? Well... everything gets harder when you suddenly weigh 15kg more. That's like, 33 pounds. That's insane. I look the same to me when I look in the mirror. But I can't do as many pullups. I can't do as many pushups. I can't run as fast. And all of those things really weigh me down and they probably affect my sleep and other things.

Nyeh. I got distracted at this point and wasted a bunch of time online. Which is completely not what I had intended here. I suppose now this has to go partially from being some sort of... I don't know what I intended, to being a sort of reminder of failure.

Am I being too hard on myself? I don't know. I don't think so. I think there are still things that I need to learn about myself, such as... if I'm going to do something I need to do it right. I should have been asleep an hour ago. But now that I'm still here, and I realize the situation that I'm in, I should just race through the finishing line.

I suppose a few weeks from now I will be happy that I managed to keep the no-zero-days streak going, even if it meant messing up my sleep slightly...? It's not too bad. I've done worse. I'm tired from having run, so I should be able to fall asleep quite quickly once I publish this. Though sleep should be my highest priority, maybe, even over the vomits? Well, I guess that's for me to work on tomorrow.

It just feels so silly that I can spill so many words on this and yet not see much progress. Are there global standards on this sort of thing? How long does it usually take lifelong procrastinators to get their acts together? What are the conditions like? I feel like most people talk about general principles but they don't talk very much about specifics. Like, I'm sure there are stats on how long it takes people to quit smoking once they've been smoking for X amount of years. Theoretically, the longer and heavier you've been smoking, the harder it should be to quit, and the longer it should take. Though there will always be some cases where people just have had enough and quit cold turkey on the spot and never touch it again. Is it about stakes? Context? Do they manufacture it, or do they get lucky, or both?

I guess ultimately it doesn't really matter as long as I'm improving on what I did yesterday. Just that that little thing doesn't seem to be happening. But fuck it, right now all I'm doing is running to the finish line here. And when I'm done I'm going to shut this thing down and go to bed so that I can start better tomrrow.

Done
But that's an interesting data point, isn't it? It means that I AM physically capable of getting up. I just need certain environmental cues that are somehow lacking in my current situation. Well... we'd also go to sleep really early in the army, so I'm sure that helped. But there were nights where I was sleepless, and yet would wake up early anyway. (I'd get drowsy later in the day if we were in lectures or something, but again– context makes so much of a difference.)

I hate to say "if you're not doing it, it means you don't want it badly enough". I think that's one of the most annoying things anybody could possibly say. There are all sorts of people who are good at doing things despite not really wanting it very badly (say, if all your family and friends and peers ate really healthily, you'd be born into that world and be really good at it even if you never really gave much of a thought as to what healthy eating might be necessary for). Similarly there are people who really want to do something but they just haven't gotten all the variables right. Lifestyle change is especially complicated– there are many different things you have to do and change all at once, and you have to hold another bunch of things constant... it's definitely more things than an individual can do in a given instance, because if you could turn your life around just by wishing it hard enough and taking a few steps in a given instance, then you'd have done it already. The hard part is following through, sticking to it, day after day even though the moods change, the weather in your head changes, etc.

So explanations aside– why haven't I taught myself to wake up early? I keep hoping that this time will be different. I keep hoping I'll get better at banging my head through the wall. Clearly my approach is insufficient. And when I wake up, now I get pretty good at holding my phone and then turning off the alarm, (I think. This time I know I heard the alarm. Sometimes it feels like I don't hear it.) But the problem is that I'm still in bed, and the only way I can solve this problem is to get out of bed.

This in turn seems to be part of a larger problem where I deliberate too long on things. I was listening to Alan Watts on YouTube and he talked about how in the Zen tradition (or in some Zen traditions), there's this sense of– if something needs to be done, you do it immediately. You don't wait, you don't hesitate. Now if that was a habit in other aspects of life, doing everything now instead of later, then it wouldn't be a problem. It seems like impulsiveness in action is better, most of the time, than putting things off (if you know that they must be done). I suppose where I typically get tripped up is– I tell myself that I don't really know if something must be done. We don't ever really know anything anyway, do we?

Well, I'll think about that one. I think writing notes to myself in my wallet will really help. I'll do it after I'm showered.
But despite that, I got home, relaxed for a while, showered, and then found myself on reddit/Imgur as I normally do when I feel like I have time. The wife's in the shower. It's 10:43pm. And something compelled me to stop my reddit/imguring (worst time sink right now– I've even blocked them on my browser, and end up opening an incognito tab "just for a few seconds"). I don't think I spent too long on it, could be worse. As long as I do a vomit and go to bed, I think I come out on top. Well... a part of me wanted to go for another run. But I think I'm due for a rest anyway. Today felt like I got a reasonable number of things done. If I can spend every day with this level of productivity– get a few tasks done, at least one important one, and at least one nagging task that's been bothering me for a while, and respond to correspondence quickly as it comes, rather than letting it linger– I think I'll be quite happy.  So we can proceed with that. If I go to bed now I should be up fairly early. And then I can plan my day and focus.

What I mentioned earlier and what I'm thinking about more is– how I ought to "Do It Now". I know "Just Do It" sounds nicer than "Just Do It Now", but I do think the "Now" bit is particularly powerful. As I was exploring in the procrastination posts earlier- the central thing about procrastination (or one of the central things) is "pleasure now pain later". Procrastinators a problem where we're always underestimating how bad the pain will be later. Systematically, over and over again. We overestimate how much energy and clarity of mind we'll have later, hoping that last minute panic will force everything to be crystal clear. (Which can sometimes happen, but then you also find that you're forced into a corner where you see how things should be but only have the time/resources/energy to do 10-20% of it. Cue mixed feelings. Over and over again.)

Also there's the sense that doing something now is painful. When I wake up in the morning, getting out of bed NOW seems like an insurmountable task. I just can't seem to do it– except when I'm in the military and there are other guys jumping out of bed and there's alarms going off and we gotta rush down and there'll be a miserable, immediate consequence if we screw it up. I was wondering– how do you get better at waking up? The person who's waking up is, prior to waking up, asleep. And I have very little agency and control over myself when I'm asleep. So the action has to be taken subconsciously. And so far it seems I'm fairly decent (not perfect– I still screw this up) at waking up when the alarm goes off. Then I turn it off and linger in bed. And fall asleep.

It's the lingering that kills me. I've always been a lingerer. I used to linger on the premises after school, maybe because I didn't really want to go home. I didn't really want to have to confront things. I've always hated and/or disliked confrontations. I don't really like meetings even now. I'm alright at public speaking, surprisingly, but I have a lot of dread towards a lot of things. I'm not entirely sure why. I have all these expectations. I feel so aware of all the things that can and will go wrong.

I don't want to over-psycho-analyze myself, at least not right now. It's more important to recover from the wound than to keep digging at it, asking "why is this wound here? who did this to me? how did it happen?" So I think I just need to develop the habit of doing things immediately, as fast as possible. I mean, I can see how there might be an opposite extreme. But I think that won't be an issue. Let's just move fast and see how it goes.

It's very easy to overgeneralize things, but I think I'm already overgeneralizing some things and I could benefit from an overgeneralization in a different direction. I can correct the little nuances later.

I want to explore the beliefs that I must be holding without having explicitly stated them- the beliefs that can only be inferred.

1: If it's painful or difficult I should do it later. I will be able to do it better later.

2: I am capable of pushing myself really, really hard and getting things done at the last minute, and I enjoy this.

3: I can squeeze in a little bit of distraction into my work, while I'm working.

4: I can multitask.

5: I don't need to bother planning or prioritising- things typically take care of themselves sooner or later.

6: I don't like doing difficult things. I want an easy life.

7: I don't care about my health, nothing will happen to me and it's okay to have a foggy brain from poor meatbag management.

8: I don't need to plan intermediate steps- I can figure things out as I go.

9: My environment doesn't have much of an effect on my output. I can work with tabs open.

10: I have all the time in the world.

At this point I had a meeting/chat with a mentor and it was quite cathartic. Helped me resolve a bunch of pains that I've been having inside my head. I talked about how I've been wanting to take a vacation or quit or something, just to run away from my circumstances, and we explored how the thing that annoys me about my circumstances is my constant catch-up. I'm always behind, I never have excess capacity to focus my attention and energy towards the things that I want to achieve.

And this constant stucked-ness that I'm in has been wearing me down. I haven't been growing lately. I have been dragging my feet through my days and then wondering why I never seem to go anywhere, never seem to able to get on the rides that I want to get on. And while it's totally possible for me to just stop and drop everything, sooner or later I'm going to want to do something else, and again I'm going to be stuck where I am because I don't have this ability to direct my resources effectively. And so I struggle to be accountable to others. I struggle to be accountable to myself. I struggle to get things done, and that state of being drives me nuts because I know there's so much more to life, there's so much more that I could be experiencing and learning and growing and doing if I just... fulfill my responsibilities.

So what's stopping me? I think I've been stuck in a run-out-the-clock Loser (Gervais Principle) mindset. The real problem I need to solve is getting more excess capacity each day. That would give me the single most powerful thing I could have, to do everything else that I want to do. Time. Headspace. These are precious resources that I squander everyday.

What is stopping me from getting excess capacity, apart from habit? What's the path from current status to excess capacity? I don't want to badly enough, I don't make it a priority. Why? Well... I've simply never lived like this, and I guess it's scary. In the middle of my days I yearn for comfort and familiarity. In the middle of moments I stretch things out, languish and linger. We go back to me being a lingerer. I linger because I don't know where I should go. But that's the old me. I've been here for a couple of years now and I know that while there's an infinite number of things to do, there's a finite number of things to do each day and I need to own that, and see how owning that will bring me joy the way I get joy after completing a vomit or completing a run.

So there, then. I should enjoy my time at work, because I finish stuff. The way I finish writing and the way I finish working out. That's as simple as that. I owe myself pleasure and joy and happiness and all that good stuff. And then I can help other people, too. It's an insane win-win-win and I'm not doing it yet because maybe I don't frame it properly. Well we'll frame it as clearly and concretely as possible now, and we'll see what else is missing from the picture.
So it seems like I might be developing this rhythm where I'm writing a post every morning and another one every night. Maybe. I don't want to be too specific about it, I'm just letting it go however it goes. One in the morning either before I go to work or while I'm on the way to work, and one either when I'm on the way home from work or before I go to bed. Seems like a cadence that might stick as long as I'm mindful about the fact that I want to keep writing. If that's the case– and for the time being I'll just assume that's the case because why not– then I'm going to have "open" posts and "close" posts and I might repeat myself a little. So be it. It'll be interesting to compare them on hindsight.

So... today I woke up early when my alarm went off but I couldn't get myself to get out of bed, but I still left home early enough to be early for a morning meeting with my boss. Which was good. And then I was pretty productive throughout the day– I'd say I was operating at about 70-73% of max capacity, maybe. I think yesterday I said I was like a 68? If I can sustain these everyday I would be quite satisfied with myself and I would get quite a lot of stuff done. The problem is that when I'm not paying attention I can have my productivity drop to as low as say, 30, maybe even worse. That happens. I've had entire weeks that felt like they were 30s. And I know this is a moving target, and the stuff I'm doing today is wayyy better than the stuff I was doing before, but as long as I can see that I'm wasting time doing random nonsense that's unrelated to work, or I'm shuffling between various work tasks and not executing on any particular one, then I know that I'm wasting my time, waffling around– like sawing slowly at the rope instead of cutting it with big, sharp, confident strokes. [1]

So I think I was doing pretty well, and the semi-mistake I made towards the end was that I was eager to keep going. By the time it was 530-6pm I was starting to feel a little drained, but I thought I had momentum and so I kept going. I DID have some momentum, but I think on hindsight it would've been better to just leave, to go home fresh and to recover fully and fight strongly the next day. Oh well, I'm learning some little nuance each day. The important thing for me is to put all of these nuances together into the big picture, to work them in rather than leave them aside as some sort of academic observation. Which suggests to me that I should begin the process of rereading my vomits right about now. I now have over 350,000 words (surely) of writing to go through. When you write that much, you no longer remember the particular details of what you were saying, or why exactly you did one thing or another. (At least, with this sort of stream-of-consciousness thing going on.) So I'll definitely be able to learn something from the process.)

Okay anyway... so that's what'll happen, then. Daily vomits, re-reading old vomits, attempting to be efficient at work, running more, reading more. I'll try to keep the vomits interesting (why am I even promising this? lol) by going into hopefully different, interesting details about what i'm doing right and wrong, and about what I've been reading, what I'm learning, what I've changed my mind about. Should be interesting. And if it isn't, so be it. Let's just keep going.

[1 ] It's interesting to think about how confidence has a whole set of requirements that blunt, dull work doesn't. If you want to be confident and assertive in your execution of something, you can't just do your blunt boring work in a "more confident way". If we're talking about social skills– public speaking, etc– being suddenly confident in what you're doing will make you look awkward. You might claim to not be awkward yourself, but people will cringe, because you're getting it wrong. Real confidence requires practice and awareness. You can't just waffle through confidently. Real confidence requires knowing what is precisely right. To use the knife/cutting analogy, real confident slices requires you knowing how to handle your knife, how to hold it, how to keep your body parts away from the cut zone, and you have a buildup and a cooldown in the action. So I think it follows that when you want to get more confident at anything– performing a song onstage, a standup routine, etc– confidence requires knowing things with precision, and precision is hard because it's so specific. Being more specific than you've ever been is something that will always seem a little awkward and strange. You only ever do it if you're a little bit neurotic about things, either because you have an itch you want to scratch, or some outcome that you want to reach that you can't quite reach with your existing configuration of actions, operations, executions, etc.

That last sentence there was an example of a waffling sentence. I used a bunch of words that have similar-ish meanings. If I knew exactly what I wanted to say with that sentence, I would have chosen the specific word that most precisely described what I wanted to say. But because I don't PRECISELY know what I want to say, I say a bunch of words that are in the neighbourhood of what I want to say, and hope that the reader (me, later on) figures out what I was getting at. But if I wanted to be TRULY confident about what I was saying, I would pick the right word and leave it there.

In a sense, this whole 1000 word vomit project is one long waffling session. The hope is that at the end of all the waffling I will have, almost out of sheer exhaustion, developed a clearer sense of what I can and cannot be confident about.
I’m not sure exactly why this time was different– it could be as simple as the fact that I’ve been thinking and writing about this for several vomits now– it seemed like for 4-5 days in a row I was going to bed relatively early and waking up when the alarm went off, but then sinking back into bed.

So… why does that happen? Why was that happening?

I realise it’s because I allowed myself to think about what to do. I allow a tired, sleepy person to make a decision about what to do. It’s like going grocery shopping when you’re hungry, right? I’m not going to make the globally optimal decision when I’m making it from the local perspective of a tired sleepy bugger.

So what I did differently this time– I kinda prepped for it in advance– I kept thinking to myself the night before, "The moment the alarm goes off, you get up and put on your socks and shoes and run. You will be tired and want to go back to bed, but seriously, we'll be happier having run than having gone back to bed. We've beenthrough this." And when the alarm went off, I did wake up, and I did think "ughhh I wanna sleep more", but I ALSO thought "socks and shoes". I lingered a little bit (like 10 minutes?), which I'd like to cut down on, but the "socks and shoes" thought held on and kept me from falling back asleep. And so I got out of bed, mindlessly clicked around on my phone for a while, but then got my ass out for the run.

The run itself was kinda shitty, but having run is better than not having run. I'll just run more and more. I think within a month or so things should be less unpleasant. It's pleasant to have completed a run, to have my heart beating and my body radiating head. The shower afterwards feels rewarding, and my head does feel clearer (even though I didn't get as much sleep as I'd like).

I’m also quite proud of this– earlier, before leaving home, my wife pointed out that my fingernails were getting long. I told her I’d cut them later. [1] I then sat down on the sofa to be still for a few minutes, and I noticed that my nails WERE getting long– and I thought “do it now”. And I did it– I cut my nails. My nails have been cut. I lost my ATM card on Monday, and when I got home, I thought “do it now”, and called the bank and got the card cancelled and replaced. Do it now! Do it now! Do it now! I’m trying to rewire my brain to do this.

My commute ended and I'm in my office now, and I've decided to spend a few minutes finishing up this vomit and publishing it before I get started proper with my work. Again, the fundamental principle is– if it's almost done, finish it, if it's something you're working on that's completable, complete it. I proofread a document for a colleague before this, because that took just a couple of minutes to do. I think I'm developing a bit of a pattern/habit/structure here, but again I don't want to jinx it.

The important thing is for me is to keep getting things done– that sounds way more vague and general than what I want to say. I mean, the important thing has always been to get things done, right? I guess the thing is more of– quickly scanning through the tasks before me, figuring out what needs doing ASAP, and which of those things is doable + significant. So there's an urgent/important filter, and there's a ease-of-doing filter, and there's a need to add next steps. I've been doing pomodoros again, which I find helps me chunk up my time better and I can regroup in the breaks between. So... I should probably take some time to stress-test and fail-proof this, because it does feel like I've tried many variants of this sort of thing before, and there's no particular thing about what I'm doing that I can point at and say "This is why I will not fail." Or, to reverse-psychology it a bit, "this is where I'll probably fail." [2]

Oh, just want to summarize what I've been trying to say... it feels like I make too many "decisions". I give myself too many opportunities to decide what to do, thinking it makes me improvisational and flexible and stuff– but I end up then just doing shallow work, making shallow choices. To do deep work and to do hard things requires more commitment, more buildup, more followthrough– and wrt commitment, it means making a decision that I cannot un-make. [3]

Well... there's some nuance there. We might get to it later. Work now.

[1] When I say later, I do tend to think that I’ll get to it later, but in reality what happens is… the task gets postponed indefinitely, I kinda forget about it, and I feel guilty and terrible when it gets brought up again later because “I had been meaning to do it”… this thought probably deserves an entire vomit to itself. And to get a little meta, my habit would be to say “I’ll write that later”– so I’ll just start the vomit now and write it before I go to sleep tonight.

[2] and [3] – there's some nuance to be explored in these bits

I went to bed around 1120pm or so. I set two alarms- 600 and 710am. Didn't hear the first one, woke up on the second one and was slightly more clearheaded than I usually am when I wake up. Maybe because I got more sleep. My calves were feeling sore from the previous run, and I lingered in bed I think for almost a full half hour. This is a very silly half hour that I want to stop wasting- it's precious cool weather time.

Interestingly, I didn't feel at all in any danger of falling back asleep. I wonder if it was the constant "when I wake up I am to immediately get up and get out of bed and go run" thoughts.

But I still lingered for 30 mins. Room for improvement. I stood around for a while but decided that I had to at least wear my shoes and go down to the track. The walk there was pleasant enough to make me want to run, and I did.

Got home, showered while watching a couple of Every Frame A Painting videos, sat still for a while, then got dressed and left for work. Now is the commute. Was feeling a little sleepy but am feeling clearer now.

On to what I had planned to write about.

"Sure, I'll do it later" is probably one of the most toxic, damaging phrases in my vocabulary. (Lexicon? Phrasebook? Where do you keep the phrases and sentences that you use so often that they become a part of who you are?) I put things off indefinitely and I suffer greatly for it. I frustrate and disappoint the people around me and yet I never seem to do very much about it.

An impersonal reading of the situation would suggest that I either enjoy the drama and pain [1], I'm actually indifferent to the circumstances despite my frequent and extensive protests, or that I'm deeply incompetent.

In all cases I seem to be naive. If I really enjoyed it, I should shut up and enjoy it. If I enjoy the complaining that comes with the suffering, then I should own that and enjoy the complaining. But I'm so sick of that, too. I recognise that there's something about the situation that smells funny.

I guess in short I recognise that I'm playing a losing game, and that distresses me. While life itself is ultimately a losing game in the sense that we will all die (and the Universe will, too), I don't feel too distressed about that because there's not very much I can do about that.

Hm. So I get stressed because I feel that I'm not doing what I could or should be doing. I feel like I'm wasting my time.

But that's easy to say. It's "I didn't do well because I didn't study" all over again. I suppose now I'm trying to study and I find that I'm struggling. In school, I could argue that I wasn't interested in the subject matter, and I didn't like the environment, and I didn't like my peers. (Refinement: I somewhat liked the people I hung out with, but most of them weren't too into studying either. I couldn't reallly get along with anybody who took their studies seriously. So by peers I mean peers-who-studied.)

But now, in adulthood, I can't quite use those excuses. I have my own house, I can modify my environment substantially. (I can't really change the neighbourhood though, which is a little depressing. For now. I'm hoping and planning to move somewher cheerier as I save more money.) I go to work in a space that's interesting, exciting. I reasonably like the subject matter, and I love my colleagues. So why am I not doing well? I'm not doing badly, but I feel like I'm not doing well. I feel like I'm not growing.

I suppose the first thing to do is to take stock, to make measurements. What do I actually expect of myself? I haven't written these things down. I was telling my wife, I enjoy having completed a run, I enjoy having written word vomits, and similarly I should enjoy having done work.

She said, "But this brings you back to an old problem: What is done?" Because the run is clearly defined– cross the 2.4km mark. A word vomit is clearly defined– cross the 1000 word mark. How do I measure the amount of work I do at work? I don't. And that's probably the single biggest cause of stress in my work, maybe. I've talked about wanting to change this, but of course... I'll do it later. Well, I guess I know what I'll be spending the first 25 minutes of my work day doing.

I feel like I should be getting a minimum amount of work-related writing done a day. I should measure it probably the same way I measure these word vomits. I should just churn out as much as I can for a 25 minute tomato. I should do some minimum of X, some minimum of Y. I should have these things written down in advance and decide them in advance, the same way I go for runs without deciding each day all over again how long I want to run, where I want to run, if I want to run at all, etc. Decide in advance. Do it now.

I don't feel like I've sufficiently explored the "Later" idea enough. Let's revisit this maybe.

[1] This feels wrong to me but I recognize that it's a valid interpretation that's very worth taking seriously. I recently started on Games People Play- haven't gotten too far into it yet but I'm quite excited about making sense of its ideas. My early interpretation/assumption: Drama begets drama. It keeps things predictable and familiar, and predictable familiarity, even if damaging, is less scary than doing things differently. All animals do weird things when put in circumstances that break their primal heuristics or instincts. Moths fly into flames. Cats chase lasers. Humans stay in abusive relationships and self-destructive patterns.
Wow I'm tired. I should learn to listen to my body better, take more naps, sleep more. I feel like I've been a little less productive the past couple of days. I was quite productive the two days before that so... I guess right now the only thing is to rest, regroup and go again.

Sometimes I think I enjoy the feeling of being sleep deprived, at least once in a while. It's a kind of inebriation I guess. Altered mental state and all that. But in the long run I know I want to be healthy and clear headed.

So, about the whole do it later thing. I wonder when it started, how it started. I suppose when I was a child I had no responsibilities, and I'd just play, read books, etc. And when I started getting homework... it seemed easy and trivial so I didn't bother doing it. Why didn't I do it then? It's tempting and easy to blame parents, I guess. My parents didn't really know much about what I was doing at school. They tried their best to help but I'd just lie and say that I'd already done my work. Why did I do that? Where did I learn to do that? Who taught me? I'm not sure. I'm not sure if I'll ever find out. Would be nice to know, but there's not much point trying to figure it out really. Effort is better expended elsewhere.

Aside- I've been wondering if my get-things-done system needs to be redone. I feel like I have all these random things lying around and they're not really working together effectively.

Right now I'm experiencing what I call the fog- it feels like I'm underwater, but I'm paying attention to it rather than wasting time on Facebook, Twitter etc as I usually do. So I have a rather precious opportunity to examine my state.

What do I want to do right now? Sleep. What needs to get done? I need to ship a blogpost for work and do some updates. Why didn't I do it earlier? I was tired. Am still tired. Why so tired? Been waking up earlier and running. So I'm sort of transitioning, and am not quite used to that. Okay. I intend to keep waking up early, so I'll have to adapt to this.

What are my priorities? What are my goals? What do I need to be reminded of when I'm tired? What is the message that should be in my wallet? "You want to be a reliable person, not a burden to others."

I keep switching windows, tabs, apps. I will never be able to get anything done when I'm trying to do everything all at once. I need to have a daily output for work. I need to decide where I'm going to get that done, how I'm going to measure it.

I paused there to read old vomits, here are some thoughts on those. I used to write in a much more tedious way. I think that's learned behavior. It takes practice to write simply. I'm proud that I've gotten better at it, and I look forward to getting even better in it.

I'm grappling with many of the same concerns 3 years on. I still want to find freedom through discipline. I still want to become a man of my word, an asset to others rather than a burden. I feel like I haven't made a lot of progress on these fronts, but I also feel grateful that these things are enduring- it gives me affirmation that my current ideas aren't just passing clouds, but deep-rooted.

Wow, I used to sleep really, really late. I used to think of 1230am as a really early time to go to bed. So that's changed. I thought 8am was early to wake up. Now I want to wake up at 6am.

Squats in the shower. How motivational messages and posters etc can be useful.

Alright, I got 400 more wors to go. I wasn't as productive at work today as I'd like to have been, partially because I was sleepy, I guess. My mind has cleared up a little and I have done some work quite efficiently since I got home, so I'm quite happy with that. I'm going to bathe and I'm going to go to sleep, and then tomorrow morning I'm going for a dental appointment and then going to work, so I think all in all I'm doing pretty well this week. The challenge will be to have a good weekend and to keep all of this stuff up.

I've started re-reading my older vomits, as I mentioned before I got home. I'm up to about 12 now. 320+ more to go. Heh. I can go faster than I was expecting to go, I guess because even though it's been a long time and many words ago, I can sort of recreate what I was thinking or feeling when I was writing those posts– even if I don't exactly relate to them now. It's a pretty cool experience, and has me wishing that I had written more, and maybe that I had.

It's humbling I guess to realize how long it's taken me to make such little progress. I wonder if this is the rate that I'll be stuck at. I hope not. There's that thing about how we all underestimate how much change can happen over the long time, right? I hope I'm underestimating things, and that I increase the amount of control I have in my life by becoming more focused and disciplined. I want to live without guilt and anxiety. I believe it's possible. I just gotta work hard at it, and I got to do things now. I can do it. I got this. Slow and steady, lots of little wins, review every day, publish every day. Figure out what done means. Move fast. Ship things. Face the fear, write it down, do it anyway. Let's go.
Earlier today I found myself thinking a lot about some drama in the local social/political commentary scene. It took me quite a while to stop thinking about it. Arguments kept playing through my head, almost against my will. I just let it happen and eventually it passed. I found myself thinking– what's my desired end-state here? What do I want to achieve? I was thinking about it as I got home. When I DID get home, I decided to do the dishes instead. I realized I'd rather make my wife happy than score some internet points. Yeah, there are real people attached to those internet points, and I can make some people happy or help them out a little... but there's a heirarchy that I think I ought to adhere to.

The most important person in my life is me, that's the one person I'll never be able to run away from and will always be accountable to. After that, the person that matters most to me is my wife. Then I have my boss and colleagues, who I really appreciate and wish I did more for. For family and old friends, I think the important thing is that I make time for them, to share moments with them– but beyond that, the best way I can really, truly serve them is to be the best version of myself. So I don't really have a lot of time for all these random internet arguments. I mean, if I had unlimited time and energy, I would, but clearly I've been misallocating my resources my whole life. What matters is that I get a good night's sleep. Wake up early and clearheaded. If my legs feel rested, go for a run. Do some writing. Do a lot of writing. And do some work preparation so I can hit next week strong.

All in all I think I've been doing alright this week. Better than average, but nowhere near what I think I ought to be doing. And that statement isn't very useful, really. It might even be a little damaging. I should be proud of myself for having written everyday. And I am. Thank you, me, for having written everyday. Let's keep that up, and let's try to do more along the way. It'll be interesting and challenging in a good way, and I'll be able to help the people I care about, and be less of a burden.

Definitely some self-flagellation going on there. I finally watched Good Will Hunting earlier today over dinner, and I think it instantly catapulted itself into my "favorite of all time" lists. I might even be happy to say that yeah, it's my favorite movie of all time. Sure, it's a bit simplified, but every story necessarily has to be. I might not be a super-genius like Will, or have been through such dire circumstances, but I feel like I relate to the character and I feel touched by the fact that people out there made a movie about the whole affair. It's heartening. I might have to do a little more thinking, or give it a bit more space to simmer in my head. Right now I'm a little too tired and sleepy to really have anything super insightful to say. So I guess all I can and should say is that I'm grateful.

For a period of time over the past few months I felt that nothing interested me anymore, that I didn't care about anything anymore, that nothing really mattered to me anymore. And I mean that in the day-to-day sense, not in any grand metaphysical sense. Which was troubling to me. I wouldn't say that I was depressed, but I didn't really feel like I had very much to hold on to. I was feeling uninspired. My old ideas felt trivial, silly, bullshitty. I had come up with a whole bunch of things that sounded good, but didn't seem to resonate with me anymore.

If I had caught Good WIll Hunting a few years ago, I might have thought something like, that's it, that's the message we need to send out into the world, convert and inspire everybody, blah blah blah. I see now how that's a bit vacuous, a bit presumptuous. The world is the world. All I really have dominion over is myself. It might be nice to have some sort of external goal, some agenda, but right now the only things that matter to me are sleeping well, having a clear head, and reading the books that are on my mind, maybe writing reviews about them, maybe learn to communicate concepts visually, restructure my environment and context so that I don't keep losing the threads that I'm trying to hold on to in my mind.

The weaving got a little frayed and tangly right there, but let's just wing it, it doesn't need to be perfect it just needs to be done. I've read about 40 of my word vomits now, that's about 1/8th of everything I've published so far. It's pretty nice to see how far I've come. A lot of the earlier stuff feels very "labored"– like I put a lot of effort into saying things that I can now take for granted. But perhaps I can only do that now because I had put in all that effort in the first place. I needed to pack those things hard into the ground so that I could build atop their foundation. (Imperfect metaphor, but it'll have to do for now.)

So.. I guess we're going back to the idea that I should just race as fast as I can and see if I've left anything interesting to me along the way. And it really is totally okay if most of it is junk, because then I'd have gotten that stuff out of the way.

Let's wipe the slate clean and start over. I've gotten a lot more comfortable with this over the years, over the last 300+ times I've done this, but I'm still not nearly as comfortable as I'd like to be. I'd like to really detach myself from the outcome and commit entirely to the process, to just allow the words to flow out of me, to allow the numbers to rack up, and then just publish it. Almost burn it, metaphorically speaking. Burn it out of my short term memory, at least. Every so often some idea gets stuck in the deeper recesses of my mind– but it only happens after I've already written about it and sent it on its way. (I suppose it's more like throwing out messages in bottles, or folded planes.)

Let's revisit some thoughts that I've been wanting to revisit, off the top of my mind. I wanted to think about how I have a habit of putting things off for later.

I also wanted to think about how I get in my own way with distractions, and how that's probably because I'm a little afraid to do things that might be hard or uncomfortable, or things that'll come out imperfect. I keep hoping and waiting for perfect conditions and hopefully perfect outcomes. But the truth is the moment you get out of the deliberation phase, the moment you decide to take action, instantly 99% of the potential perfection vanishes. You're down to zero, and you have to start with one– and it can even go into negative numbers if you're not careful. And you want to hopefully get up to 50, 60, 70. Nobody ever gets past 70, I think. Now I'm just being completely arbitrary on a scale that's completely invented, and the truth is that there's no scale. Art is never finished, only abandoned.

So let's just make stuff and abandon it. That was the premise of the whole word vomit project. Somehow somewhere along the way I got attached the the outcomes– it might have been after I started getting some positive responses from people. And then I subconsciously keep wanting to get more positive responses, because it's social stroking, validation, it's addictive.

But that isn't what I really want. That isn't what really scratches the itch. The real itch is simply a need for output, plain and simple. That's all that needs to happen, and the hard part is letting go of everything else. I have to be well and truly able to just write and write and not give a fucking damn about whether it amounts to anything in the end. Because nothing amounts to anything in the end. I have to trust in the process, trust in my own mind, trust in my own development. I am responsible for my own development, my own learning, my own happiness, my own joy, amusement, all of those things.

I have looked at people who are skilled in some way or another– artists, musicians, dancers, poets and so on– and I have felt resentment, thinking that those people have applied themselves in some way and I have not. I have wasted my hours, days, weeks, months, years. No more. And I say that over and over again, and already in these vomits you can see how I repeat myself. 300,000 words of me repeating myself. We'll just keep going until we're done. We'll keep going until we're truly sick of it. Until we truly feel like okay, we can let go now, it's not our fault, it doesn't really matter.

Okay? Okay.

I wanted to talk about how I have a habit of saying "I'll do it later". Today I woke up and went to the dentist for my routine checkup. That was quite responsible of me. I'm pretty sure a year or two ago, I would've just not answered the phone when the dental office called, and I'd have made up excuses and not gone for the appointment. We went for the appointment! (My wife had her's too.) This is progress. I'm making progress. It's slower than I'd like, and less exciting than I'd like. I feel like I should be ready for more now, like I should be able to do more. I don't actually feel ready to do more, but I've learnt by now that you sorta gotta do more than you think you're ready for. Well– it depends on whether you systematically overestimate or underestimate yourself. I'm a systematic overestimater.

Well, okay. But why do I postpone things? Because then they're not a problem. I just don't want anything to be a problem. I don't want any trouble. Everything should be calm and relaxed, and we should be able to read books and play video games and drink soda and smoke cigarettes all day everyday, and our health wouldn't be affected, and we'd just have money, and we wouldn't have to worry about a thing. That's the child in me talking.

The truth is that reality isn't so friendly and kind. We don't get to be happy, relaxed foragers in this existence. There are challenges. There are problems. There are threats. And we have to face them. We have bills to pay. We have things like health insurance to worry about. Adult responsibilities. These things don't go away just because I wish they would. And honestly I don't think I wish that they'll go away anymore. Wishing is futile. Reality is what it is and we either face up to it or we don't, we either rise to the challenge or we don't. That's just how it is. When the barbarians are at the gates, we can't wish we didn't have to deal with it. So we have to pull ourselves together and face our challenges head on. Face our fears head on. The ship can't ride the wave sideways, you have to go nose-first, ride right into it. If you meet a ghost, introduce yourself, or it'll take the form of your worst fears and just ruin you. You'll turn to drinking and drugs or whatever the equivalent escapism is for you. That's the lesson.

Let's wipe the slate clean and start over.
Let's wipe the slate clean again. So okay, I want to be a man of my word. I want to be a strong, responsible person. I want to stand tall, have good posture. I want to speak clearly and confidently. I want to be able to walk into an expensive hotel and not be intimidated at all. I want to be calm in the face of uncertainty, confusion. I want to have a deep inner strength, a deep inner calm. I guess I need to meditate, I need to breathe, and most importantly of all I need to do the work. I gotta be willing to take the hits. I gotta put in the hours of practice, day in, day out. That's where the confidence comes from. Not from a single moment of magnified inspiration or eureka or anything like that, but from the daily grind. From sweat and toil and practice.

I acknowledge this. I know that I'm a better writer than I was 300 vomits ago. Hell, I'm a better writer than I was 100 vomits ago, and probably 10 vomits ago, too. If I feel nervous or insecure about my writing it's really just that I'm aware of nuance that I wasn't aware of before. The quick way to reduce my own anxiety in that regard is to rewrite old work... if and when I want to. I don't feel like that's necessary right now. So... let's not worry too much for now. Let's trust in the process and keep going. There will be a lot of time for a lot of rewrites once all of this is over. Or I might even want to do something else altogether. I might do them along the way. For now, I'm happy just to ride this particular wave.

So I've thought vaguely about what I want. What about it is not true yet, what's the gap? Physically, I'm not as strong as I'd like to be. Am I at my weakest right now? Well. I think I was at my weakest a few months ago, maybe. I'm not sure. There's no way to be absolutely certain. But I've been running quite regularly for a couple of weeks now. I can run more. I can keep going. I'll get better. I'll get faster. I'll get fitter. So let's just keep going.

Pause.

Let's ride this one thinking about the vomits I've read so far. What's different? What have I learnt? I guess one of the big things is– I used to use way too many lines in my sketches. I don't exactly mean that I wrote too many words. After all, I've been writing at least 1000 words per vomit, over and over again. What I mean is that I wasn't very exact, and I'd circle things far too much. I'd repeat myself. And I think I have more of a sense of rhythm now then I did back then. I was more verbose.

If I wanted to be a little mean to myself, I'd say something like– I was in love with the sound of my own voice, I wanted to use as many big words as possible. I wanted to show off all these concepts and ideas that I was learning.

But I don't think it was as literal as that. When I read myself– and I guess this is me being generous– I realize that I was kind of desperate. I wanted to make sense. I was trying to put things together that worked. I parroted the ideas of others because they seemed more valid than anything I had to say– and really, nobody owns any ideas anyway. Everything is a remix. Every perspective is a kalaidescope. Things are blunter and less refined early on. It takes practice to get to refinement. So... I can say that I'm getting more "refined". That's always quite a loaded term, though. I guess I feel like I have more range of expression. I used to operate in big blocks, and now I have more varied choices. And some things that I thought I cared about– well, it turns out that I only might care about some subset of something, and that the vast majority of it doesn't actually matter.

Everything is vague to a degree you do not realize until you attempt to make it precise. And everything precise is so remote from what we normally think... and in the process of making things more precise, we don't just say different things. We see different things. What was soft sand turns out to be a rich landscape of detail, color, texture. Your initial assumptions break down– not because you were WRONG, but because what you were talking about was so far removed from what things actually are.

I'm not sure if I'm properly capturing what I'm trying to say here. Images might make it clearer. You start out with something with very low resolution. You see a big, flat, single-colored blob with a tidy little shape. And you might say, I like that colored blob. Or I don't like it. Maybe it's the girl you love and want to marry. Maybe it's your career. Maybe it's your abusive parent.

As you get more precise, you find all sorts of new details and nuance that you had never considered before. It isn't a single color, it's a rich tapestry of many colors. It isn't flat, it's got its own staggeringly complex topgraphy. It's got peaks and valleys. And you might find that– what you thought you were right or wrong about, what you liked or disliked– it wasn't about reality itself, but your model of it. And once your model changes, a lot of things collapse, breakdown, become naive. I won't even say wrong. It's not exactly wrong.

Maybe someday I'll be able to talk about this more clearly, with fewer words. Anyway, I'm glad that I've written so much, and I wish I had written more, and I'm planning to write more still.

I got distracted, stayed up too late, went to bed around maybe 230am. And then I woke up at around 1030am, showered, had breakfast, spent a little more time getting distracted, and then here I am again, here to finish this. It's always funny when I run dry in the middle of a vomit. It often feels like I can't just continue from where I left off, unless I was tackling a very specific problem. The state of mind does not linger. I might revisit it at some other point in time, but I can't conjure it, I can't force it. I find myself thinking about A Sideways Look At Time, a book written by Jay Griffiths. She wrote different chapters while she was in different locations. Neil Strauss did the same with The Game, and Nassim Taleb did the same with either Black Swan or Antifragile or both. I like that. As I reread old vomits, I do enjoy discerning the state of mind I was in when I was writing something. Sometimes I'm tired, sometimes frustrated, sometimes annoyed, sometimes confused, sometimes happy, sometimes clear-headed. Right now I'm feeling a little... transitional? The sunlight outside my window is nice. The washing machine is running. The airconditioning is on and it's a little cold, and I know it must be really hot outside. The wife is doing some housekeping, moving boxes around and stuff. And I'm sort of just writing to fill in the time. To capture one particular moment rather than to explore any particular idea. And I think I'm learning to make my piece with that. Not every single post needs to be about ideas, needs to be incisive and sharp and intelligent. Sometimes I just want to fill in the space. Not every song needs to be profound. There is a certain joy and elegance just in appreciating the passage of time while it's happening. It's precious.

But I guess, okay, once I've sort of done justice to that, my mind then starts to rev up a little and think bigger, longer. What is the next thing I want to do? What is the next experience? The next thing to learn? I find myself thinking about my frustration and distaste with the spaces that I have access to. I mean, I appreciate that I have a home, even if I'm not a huge fan of my neighbourhood or the commute I have to work. I love my colleagues, though I do wish the area around my work would be more interesting. I wish I had more conversations with people doing work that interested me.

Those last couple of sentences have me thinking, why am I complaining, why don't I do something about it? Yes, it's better to do something than to complain. The complaining is merely a symptom, a sign that there's something I want that I'm not getting. It's an indicator that I ought to do something. But there's two approaches here– the direct approach, which is to try to attack the "problem" head on, and then there's the questioning approach, which is to ask– why do I even want to have these conversations? What do I hope to get out of these things? I want to feel less alone. I want to feel less isolated. I want to feel like I matter, to a greater degree or extent than I already do. And I realize... I can already do that. I can do more for myself right now. I can do more at work, for example– and that would give me the sense of significance that I must be craving. And that would be even better than helping random people, because I feel like I owe my coworkers better.

I suppose I'm looking for easy ways out. Starting new things is always fun and exciting, because things are always easy at the start. But real, lasting pleasure comes from completing things, not starting things. I have started many, many things in my life. I should focus on completing things instead.
I've decided to go through my workflowy (which is a sort of grabbag of thoughts and reminders and todos that I have) and write about things that I've left as notes to myself. One of these phrases is "writing production line". I suppose I wanted myself to evaluate my own writing production process, and lay it out more clearly. So let's try doing that.

What is the writing production line? It's a supply chain, from raw material to finished, published output. Why does it matter? Figuring out what my writing production line is, how it works, what the parts are, etc will allow me to better diagnose my "writing problems". When I'm blocked and don't feel like writing, or feel like writing and nothing's coming out, etc, going through my production line process should help me figure out what I ought to do next. Less time spent sitting around in a funk, less time spent deliberating, more time spent on focused attacks at problem areas.

Routine is important for writing. Deep work doesn't happen at random– very, very rarely. When it DOES seem to happen at random, it's usually because there was a lot of behind-the-scenes preparation. Conversations with friends, solitary thinking, reading, reviewing. I don't even realize it's happening until there's some sort of trigger that makes me want to write, and I only want to write because the thoughts are almost already fully formed in my head. And then it's really cathartic to get it out.

Lately at work I feel like there's this whole new area of writing that needs to happen, that's going to becoming out over the next few months, and the main reason this is finally happening rather than not is, I think, that I've been exposed to more things than I was before. I'm thinking more from the customer's point of view, I've read interviews we've done with the customers, I've read FAQs and help pages and support requests. And these things give a clearer idea of the questions that need to be answered. (So, cutely, the answer the the question of "what should I be writing" is answers to questions. The answer is questions.)

I suppose the same thing happens even with casual writing. I write about things that are on my mind. To some degree I realize it's not very possible to consciously direct this stuff right before writing. It happens way in advance. It happens based on what I've been reading. So let's review what information I've been consuming lately. I watched Gattaca recently. I read Speaker For The Dead and Xenocide, and I will be reading Children Of The Mind soon. I've been reading Steve Wozniak's autobiography. I was reading some of Lee Kuan Yew's memoirs. I just watched Good Will Hunting and Star Wars. I've been watching a bit of Every Frame A Painting. A Sideways Look At Time has been on my mind for a while. And I've been thinking about rereading Paul Graham's essays and much of Ribbonfarm, and I've been curious about LessWrong again.

All of these things will influence what I write about, whether I like it or not. Raw materials are the first thing that count in a production line, and if you don't have good raw materials, everything down the road is shittier by default. Not very much you can do about that. The good thing about having perspective and context, and having read broadly, for example– is that you get to look at something that doesn't have much value by itself, and yet still derive value from it by making sense of what it represents. Facebook arguments, for example. [1]

Pause.

Let's start over– the idea behind thinking about my writing production process, supply chain, whatever I want to call it– is to reduce friction and frustration in the whole thing. I shouldn't be stuck staring at a blank page. If that happens, I should have some sort of rule-of-thumb that applies, that directs me to the next most sensible action. More often than not I think it means stepping outside, taking a walk, grabbing a cup of coffee. Going for a run or hitting the gym, if possible. And I should make time for more books and movies, and just good writing and art in general. What happens after that? Then I guess I should have some sort of quick sketch process where I write down my thoughts so I can revisit them as necessary. I think these vomits are actually not the most efficient way of doing this. I imagine the optimal solution might be something more piecemeal– probably just a well-tagged evernote system, where I write my thoughts on the movies I watch, books I read, and tie in the concepts and ideas and perspectives that I think are relevant, so that I can look them up at any time. Though that does seem like a lot of work, and I'm not entirely sure what all that work is for. But it's definitely a more interesting and fun game to play than arguing with people on Facebook or Reddit or wherever. Because I'm not trying to impress other people, I'm trying to impress my own internal subconscious audience.

I suppose that's the point of the whole thing. To amuse myself, in a deep, rich, fulfilling rather than superficial way. And it's entirely possible to be "deeply superficial", like Warhol described. I don't want to fall into the trap of pretending that I'm somehow better than other people. This is just the game I choose to play because this is what I think I get off on. We'll keep running the experiment and see if I feel differently afterwards.

[1] I think I've changed my attitude towards Facebook rituals lately. I used to engage with them very directly, take them very seriously, and always try to have the last say in arguments. I like to think that I've largely relinquished this. It's clearer to me now that it's a game, like everything else. We're all just little blips of cells, pond scum on the surface of a rock floating in infinite space, playing games. Taking things seriously is one way to play a game, pretending everything is a joke is another. There's no escaping the infinite fractals of illusions we call reality, so we might as well pick something that's fun and pleasant, rather than shoehorn ourselves into uncomfortable things.

So why haven't I internalized these things yet, fully? A bit of habit, a bit of hubris. A part of me thinks that this time will be different, that this time I'll be able to improvise my way out of the problem. This is learnt mis-behavior, a systematic mistake that I make over and over again. This is something I need to be Less Wrong about.

I'm wrong to think that I can simply write something substantial without any requirements- that only works in JC GP papers, where the subject matter is typically so simple that I can get a lot of mileage out of pointing out why the question is limited and flawed. And in GP you're trying to impress the marker with your critical thinking skills, so you can just criticize everything, quote a bunch of people and examples, and boom, look how well-read and worldly you are.

That doesn't always translate perfectly into the "real world". Or to be more precise– sure, there are some circumstances where that works, but they're almost always "ludic" scenarios. Where you're trying to impress people. You can just bombard the other person into submission with how much details and context you have. And they'll submit.

But getting people to submit to your brilliance is actually a rather... suboptimal outcome. You feel good about yourself and you score some points, and maybe you even win a few fans for your wit and creativity. But the only thing people get from all of that is, "Well, that guy is really articulate and smart and well-read and I shouldn't argue with him." That's actually a really limited life. You attract a very specific kind of person into your life, you deter a whole bunch of others, and you end up with a rather narrow view of things. I've been there.

So... what do I want, actually, then? I'd be lying if I say that I don't want people to think I'm smart. I do. But I don't want it to be because I dominate conversations, because I intimidate people. I find a couple of phrases coming to me from one of my older vomits– thoughtfulness and compassion. That's the challenge. The challenge is to ask the right questions. The challenge is to be genuinely curious about the perspective of others. The challenge is to be genuinely loving and welcoming and accommodating, as much as possible.

I'm reminded now of an exchange on Hacker News– I can't remember the details, but somebody said something, and somebody else accused him of being an idiot, and then there was an exchange of sophisticated name-calling and insults. And I said, was there really a need to be mean to this guy here? And somebody else replied, we shouldn't have to be so politically correct all the time. That's boring. If you can't stand the heat, stay out of the kitchen. Don't be so sensitive.

And I responded– look, I wouldn't have a problem if you guys were continuing to discuss the matter at hand. But you're not. You dissolved into name calling. We could have had an interesting conversation about &lt;subject matter&gt;, but since you insulted the guy, and the guy took offense, now we're playing who's-the-bigger-moron and look-at-how-sensitive-you-losers-are.

And my problem with that isn't that people's feelings are hurt, my problem is that we're NOT having the interesting conversation about &lt;subject matter&gt;. Once you start calling people names, it becomes impossible to have a civil conversation about subject matter. And you say you pride yourself on &lt;subject matter&gt;, but you're never going to have a decent conversation about it because you keep attacking your conversation partners.

And frankly I'm not sure if there was much point in trying to salvage that conversation. I'm not sure if I made a difference to anybody there. Hopefully I did. But the conversation was polluted by then, and it wasn't going to go back. I'm not sure if people are adversarial because we're trained and encouraged to be, or because we're naturally like that and we haven't developed the skills of being non-adversarial.

Venkatesh Rao wrote about this really well in a Facebook status called Portals and Flags, the corresponding blogpost is here.

I've gotten quite far from my original intent, which was to talk about "what is done". I guess done is when you've successfully persuaded somebody to lay down their arms and explore something with you, and to go through a portal with you and see things in a different light, a new way, a more fertile way of thinking.

I just looked up Dave Trott's blog– he wrote a book called Predatory Thinking, which I enjoyed (at the bookstore) and bought and read and enjoyed again. It's just full of little stories and vignettes of little victories and perspective-shifts and asymmetrical warfare. Kind of like Seth Godin's blog but with a bit more of a menacing twinkle in the eye, which I like.

I dropped by and I found a post titled "Be Dangerous", and it talked about the story of the filmmaker who wanted to make a deviant, different film– end ended up looking for a rock band, and then coached the rock band to be more dangerous, and they ended up being The Who– crazy, outrageous, loud, rambunctious, quite mad, and very successful.

I was looking at my Workflowy lists and the cues I had left for myself were things like, "What am I curious about?" And frankly on hindsight I think that feels really boring. At least right now. I know how curiosity can be a raging hunger that drives you to do all sorts of interesting stuff, but sometimes when you're tired and frustrated, all you're curious about is if there's going to be any way out of it, if you'll make it out in the end (spoiler alert: none of us makes it out in the end), if you'll be okay, alright. (Alright, alright, alright, alright!)

Be Dangerous, on the other hand, is a bit more exciting. At least in present headspace. What could I be dangerous about? What is everyone doing that's safe and normal that I find hilariously silly or superficial? That's a bit more of an exciting thought. A little tiring, maybe, but everything is tiring. Life should be exciting, shouldn't it? I start thinking about pranks. I start thinking about gags. I start thinking about David Ogilvy saying, make your thinking funny, because the best thinking comes as jokes. Maybe I haven't been joking around as much as I ought to.

What would be funny? What's weird around us? What would be the most dangerous thing I could do? Well, let's start extreme. The most dangerous things to do are obviously law-breaking things. Kill somebody. Break things. Set things on fire. Throw things out of the window. But those are boring things, they're the choices of the desperate. What's next? Well. Hm. Making art? What sort of art could we make? Where? Public transport? Public spaces? What do we take for granted that's really annoying? Train announcements are pretty annoying. Bills are pretty annoying. Where am I going with this? I don't know. It feels silly. But let's give ourselves permission to be silly. What would be fun, what would be nice? Music. Poetry. Writing. Okay. How can any of that be dangerous? Facebook status updates don't feel particularly interesting. Creating some sort of fake or artifical account... feels boring.

What do I want? I want to solve procrastination. How can that be done in a dangerous way? (Lol.) I suppose it has to make seemingly unfair demands? You have to be unreasonable? There are a lot of assumptions about things that people take for granted– it's like the water that fishes don't question, because it's just a part of their reality. Okay, so question assumptions. What's a fun, clever way to question assumptions? I feel like I'm really forcing it here. Yes, that's what we're going for. Fiction? Can fiction be dangerous? How can fiction be dangerous? It has to speak truth to power. But what is the truth, anyway? And what is the power that it should speak to? Being angry and abrasive isn't even all that dangerous, it's just kind of silly.

Maybe we're approaching things the wrong way. Maybe we should reinterpret what dangerous mean. I'm thinking outwards. What if I thought inwards? What if I was putting myself in danger? In particular, the ugly, boring, nasty parts of myself that I don't like, what if I approach that with a more antagonistic approach?

Ugh, I'm really just not feeling very creative right now and I can't force it. What can we remove from the equation? What can we kill? I suppose I could go through my todo list and eliminate things that aren't relevant anymore, that don't make sense to me anymore. Maybe. But right now I feel like I just want to write as much as possible. So I've done this semi-failed experiment of trying to write myself somewhere new. It's not quite working out. Maybe I should go look at old Facebook posts. Shall I do that? It feels like something I'm in the mood for. Hardly dangerous. But at this point I don't care anymore. I just want to have some output, and to have some output I need some stimuli. The risk is me wasting all my time getting nothing done. I have a couple of hours. I'd like to go through my old things. Do I really? Is there anything else I'd like to do more? I'm a little tired, I'd like to take a nap. I should probably exercise, but it's a little warm for that. I'm feeling odd, I'm not at my best right now. Dehydrated? Yeah, I'll drink a glass of water.

So this is one of those filler vomits. It happens from time to time. I thought my "what is done" post was pretty decent. I guess I can just think about what I was trying to do. I was trying to use something compelling (The Who, danger, different) to push myself to do something different. Sometimes that works. This time it didn't. But that's okay. We'll just finish this up and move on to the next thing. I'm sure the idea will linger in my head and maybe trigger when something else comes my way. It's all about preparing your lens, no? All about looking at things from a different point of view. I don't have a particularly different point of view now, but we'll sleep on it.

I guess it's all about learning. The point is to educate, in a way that is compelling, interesting, useful. Anybody who comes in through any entry point should be given interesting pieces of information that make them go, "Huh, wow, cool." How do we do more of that? I don't quite know yet. If I already knew the answer I would already be doing it. But okay, that's life, we operate in spaces we don't understand. What are the next steps? I was thinking the next thing that needs doing is– to ask every possible question imaginable, and answer as many of them as possible– perhaps after putting them through a rudimentary prioritization. Yeah, I can do that.

And what's the outcome? How do I know when I'm done? Should I measure the output, and just go for raw output? That might work better than the arbitrary nonsense I usually try to come up with. I do believe that I've gotten better at my work over time, but my main source of anxiety is probably that I'm not quantifying my work enough. So I flaff around far too much and don't get enough done. And it's simply not clear what "enough" means. That's the slightly weird and sad part. 2 years in and I'm still kinda improvising my way through everything half the time, maybe more than half the time. I should have a very clear sense of what needs to go in and what needs to come out. I think I now know that a bunch of things are missing, and I should just systematically attack that. I'll write out a plan after lunch.

Okay, but that's work. And I still haven't actually gotten a precise answer to the question. What about outside of work, what do I want to have done in 3 years? Oh, that's simple-ish, I think. I'd like to be really, really fit. I need to break that into measurements. I'd like to run a really good time for a 5km. I'd like to do 20 pullups. I'd like to bench press 60kg, more if possible.

Oh wait, I just realized that I wrote a whole bunch of things down in my workflowy that are related to this. And I've set a bunch of arbitrary dates ("In 3 years, I'd like to be able to draw little comics and sketches that I'm personally proud of, that I feel are expressive".) Which is a good start. But then I need to break down these large, long term goals into little actionable measurable things. I suppose I could do that as a reward after getting some work done today. So that's what I'll do. I'm going to publish this, then I'm going to shower, have lunch, and get to working. Before I start working I gotta plan what work I'm going to do. Let's do this.
That's quite funny, because those two things really are the dominant lenses through which I view the future. And the past is a bunch of pain and suffering interspersed with a few moments of pleasure and fun and glory. Lots of lukewarm nothingness in the past, too (but not as much as there will be in the distant future!).

So there we have a rather simple explanation for why I tend to be so... lackadaisical. It might be the timeframe that I think in. I should be thinking in weeks and months, not days and infinity. (Or not JUST days and infinity.) I need to optimize for my lifespan, or my reasonable estimates of my lifespan (remembering and factoring in the fact that at any moment the whole thing could just go kaput by fluke). And I need to optimize for now.

So... what? Going back to the dangerous thing. I know I still want to do 1000 vomits. I'm 350 done, 650 to go. But what do I want to talk about? I don't want to spend another 100 or 200 vomits talking about how tired I am and how I don't exercise enough and how I ought to sleep better, that's boring shit. I should solve those problems and move on to more interesting ones. I must have started on the supposed solutions to these problems literally a hundred times by now. But I'm always running in circles. Maybe I've fundamentally got the wrong attitude. It seems likely that there's something about me that secretly or twistedly enjoys playing this loop. This playground antagonism where the real goal isn't to win an actual fight, but just to perpetuate the drama.

I can say out loud, and intellectually, that I don't want no drama, that I don't want to be stuck in this loop. But I've been writing about this loop for over a year now. In fact today I bought dinner from the same subway outlet that I was at the last time I was writing about the loop. Oh wow, it's been over a year– it's been at least since August 2013. Soon it will be August 2015 and I would still be in the loop. Maybe I'd have saved a bit more money, I'd have done a little more writing, but in many ways I'm the same person living the same life. I've put on some weight. I'm less fit now, though I'm trying to change that. I've read a few decent books and watched a few decent movies but I don't feel like I've contributed enough, you know? I feel like... if I knew in 2013 that I was going to be dead by now, I would've spent the last two years a lot better. Well... why do I assume I'll make it to 2017? And how little would I have accomplished by then?

Remember Visa, it's not about the accolades. It's about treating yourself right, giving yourself the freedom and opportunities to live a happy, wholesome life. Which you know you're not quite doing. You're just tired and frustrated and anxious and sedated and distracted, over and over again, maybe less than before, but this is not how you want to be at 25. 26. 27. 28. 29. 30. Your life is in your hands, it's definitely been so for the last 2 years at least, and you haven't done that much with it. You haven't thrown it entirely away, you haven't screwed it up, you've been hanging on. That's something to be proud of, no sarcasm. It's a good job. But you're going to have to do better. I don't want to sound like a parent or teacher. God knows we've had enough of that shit. But we shouldn't be stuck and afraid and lost, you know?

We shouldn't be anxious. We shouldn't be afraid. We'll be 25 and we'll stand tall and breathe deep and smile and laugh with confidence. Because hardly anybody else has any bloody idea what they're doing, anyway. So we can get what we want, and we shall do just that.
7 billion humans on this Earth, and honestly I'm not impressed. I think we could do better. But what am I doing about it anyway? Nothing. Complaining on the internet. Completely unproductive activity. What WOULD be a productive activity? Going the fuck to bed. Sleeping. Waking up early. Going for a run. Showering. Eating breakfast. Drinking some tea. Going to work and getting some work done. Getting more and more work done so I have some excess capacity so I can do more stuff. So I can help other people. So I can carry more than my current share, and not complain about it because I'd be getting stronger and I'd relish the challenge. Wouldn't that be something?

We talk about teenage angst but really there are so many sad old grumpy motherfuckers all the way into senile old age. There are grumpy motherfuckers in their 20s and 30s and 40s and 50s... there are people in their 40s and 50s who have no idea how to love, no idea how to keep a relationship together, no idea how to not be a spiteful bastard to the people around you. That's their tragedy. That's everybody's tragedy. That's nobody's tragedy. Who knows. The most you can do is look at it and go "damn, I never want to be like that."

Feels like all I ever really know is what I don't want to be. I don't want to be fat. I don't want to be skinny. I don't want to be unfit. I don't want to have a broken body. I don't want to be sleep deprived all the time. I don't want to be a smoker. I don't want to be an alcoholic. I don't want to be an angry person (except when it's truly justified, when it's on the behalf of other people who deserve the assistance, and it's assistance that can be meaningfully rendered.) I don't want to be discontent all the time. I don't want to be ungrateful. I don't want to be a nuisance or a burden to people. I don't want to be tired. I don't want to be stuck. I don't want to be caught in the same patterns and loops as I've always been in. I don't want to be anxious. I don't want to be lonely. I don't want to feel limited and constrained and boxed up. I don't want to live in Yishun. I don't want to stay in Singapore all my life. I don't want to die without having read the best books and watched the best movies. I don't want to be stuck with people I find miserable and annoying. I don't want to have shitty information in my diet.

I can do something about all of that, init. I don't want to be a procrastinator. I don't want to put things off. I don't want to be someone who can't be trusted.

"A living thing seeks above all else to discharge its strength. Life itself is will to power." I guess I feel powerless and that drains me. What's the point of being articulate if you can't lift heavy ass weights? If you can't charm people? I don't know. There are surely people cursed (or blessed) by chance who're paralyzed and not at all charming. Stephen Hawking does physics. He's definitely charming though. There are all these inspirational speakers, going around inspiring people with the fact that they're inspirational speakers. Good for them, man. I genuinely mean that.

Well, it looks like when I think I'm drunk or I'm imagining that I'm drunk I just become a boring grumpy motherfucker myself. Maybe it's the sleep deprivation. I'm going to bed.
I make a lot of strange decisions. Right now I'm deciding to write a word vomit in the middle of the day. Is this a bad idea? Well, I'm not being productive. I want to be productive. I feel like writing helps me become more productive. Perhaps this is an excuse. But it doesn't matter, what matters is that I do whatever it is that I say I want to do. It's my life, my choices. I'll start a pomodoro for word vomits, and then write this. And if I'm done before the timer is up, maybe I'll start another one, or maybe I'll sit on the sofa and meditate for a while, and then attack my work tasks with focus. It does seem like the number of hours I have in a day to actually get work done are very few. I should commit myself to doing very short amounts of really intense work. I've written this several times before, so let's stop there.

I'm not sure where I encountered this quote– oh yes, in a post on Poached Magazine that was titled "Work Sets You Free". I wondered if the writer knew about the usage of the phrase in Nazi Germany. I think he didn't. But in that post was a quote by Nietzsche that I don't recall seeing before– something about how living things desire to discharge their strength, that living itself is a will-to-power. Now I don't know the precise details of the whole will-to-power concept, and I'm aware that Nietzsche himself wrote a lot but was himself a bit of a... cowardly man? Well– he thought and wrote a lot but he was also often anxious and afraid, I'm sure. He proposed 3 times and had his proposal rejected, probably got syphillis from a prostitute, might've been gay... he didn't seem to be quite the ubermensch that he conceived of. And I think there's something very depressing about conceiving of something with increasing clarity but not realizing it. I'm probably misinterpreting this, so I'll leave it at that. It might be a great contribution to the world, but it's a miserable way to live, and I definitely don't want to live in misery myself. I want to enjoy my life. I want to be happy.

Anyway, the quote I saw was something along the lines of– a living being seeks above all to discharge its strength, life itself is will to power. The person I am at this time in my life relates to that quote a lot. I think I recognize that writing a vomit is a sort of discharge of strength, finishing a run is a sort of discharge of strength. And if I feel weird and queasy in life I think it could be because I'm not discharging enough. It's a strange thing to say... there was a time where I was writing many Facebook status updates, and that was my addiction, that was my discharge. I'd go around replying to people, winning internet arguments. Yes, that was my discharged strength, and I can see it happening every day still. People still argue on the Internet to feel like they've done something. To feel like they matter. I used to do it a lot and I still do it from time to time.

But the challenge is to do things that endure. If they don't endure, then they're just blips. And Facebook statuses hardly endure. The challenge is to do bigger pieces of writing that matter. And outside of writing, the challenge is to lift weights, to run, to grow strong, to be able to move things, to be able to defend yourself, to kick somebody's ass if necessary. Discharge strength. You don't necessarily need to do it, we don't necessarily need to go around kicking everyone's ass. Before anything else, be armed, no?

I guess maybe there's a conflict here about what I believe. Do I believe that I should arm myself, that I should get strong, that I should be capable of delivering ass-kickings? There's a part of me that's afraid that in the attempt I will discover that I can't do it. And there's a part of me that rationalizes the whole thing (and rationalizing is a discharge of mental strength)– I say things like, only weak people feel the need to be strong, the truly strong don't care about being weak. But that's just parlor games, intellectual wise-cracking, smart-assery. When push comes to shove, actual strength makes all the difference. Actual power.

So why am I afraid of it? Why do I not work towards it? Why am I hesitant to get stronger? Why am I hesitant to discharge my strength in areas that make a difference? I guess I worry about what people think. What will my friends and family think, when they see me suddenly aspiring towards some sort of power, some sort of strength? That's awfully suspicious, isn't it? But actually who cares? Nobody cares. Everybody is caught up in their own mess. (2016 Visa: Yup. Nobody cares, just get stronger.)

And beyond that, suppose somebody suddenly got really strong, really powerful, really efficient and effective... if people in her life started insulting her for it, she's better off without them. Why would you want to spend your life surrounded by that sort of toxic people, anyway? It's a sort of mutually reinforced delusion, a suicide pact– let's all opt out of the game together, and validate each other in our safe spaces where we're unlikely to ever be put in a situation where our raw strength and power is actually tested. In those spaces (provided by others), we'll develop little games that we play amongst ourselves, and we'll talk about insights and narratives and sports and analysis and whatever gets us off. And we'll get each other off.

But that doesn't work for me. I've tried it and it's frustrating. Because sooner or later the show's over, the music stops. Sooner or later you're on your own, and you've got to buy and carry the groceries home. Sooner or later you're going to have to carry your injured spouse and/or kids. Life doesn't give a fuck about our little stories. I should get stronger, so I can help myself, and I can help other people. I don't want to hurt or conquer anybody. I want to be able to help people. But to do that I need to become stronger. To do that I need to start with myself. And I need to stop worrying about what other people think of me. The only thing that matters each day is– what do I think of me? How do I feel about me? What am I working towards? What do I want? That's all that counts.
Today has been delightfully irresponsible. I decided not to go to work today, I decided to take a "mental health day" if you'd call it that. It wasn't that much of a decision. I was feeling it since the night before. It's been a short week– monday was a holiday– but I had spent the long weekend pretty much sleeping too late and being tired and sloppy and unproductive, too. So do I deserve this break of sorts? I don't think it matters. I think I've been way too hard on myself for an unnecessarily long period of time. I know that I want to do good work, I know that I want to be useful to people, I know that I want my boss to get his money's worth and more for hiring me. I want to contribute above and beyond what can reasonably be expected for someone. These things are true, I know it when I look in the mirror.

For the sake of listening to all the voices in my head, even the crazy ones, I considered the possibility that I might not actually be interested in my work, that I might actually just want to be slacking off and getting by, and all of this is just rationalization and fluff and distraction and so on. I gave that thought some pretty serious consideration, and it was depressing, because it would mean that I'm a hell of a fraud. I thought about it long and hard and I realized it was a "which wolf you feed" situation. There is no objective truth– there are multiple interpretations, and the act of interpreting something and focusing on something makes it marginally more true.

Your thoughts become your words, actions, habits, character, destiny, etc. So it boils down to what you believe when you're alone, meditating, breathing, letting go of everything else. I was doing that for a while earlier and I will be doing it for a while more afterwards, but in moments of clarity I think it's clear that I want to contribute. Otherwise I wouldn't feel awkward and annoyed and queasy when I've been slacking off. I feel that way because I know there is more that I can do. I know that right next door, adjacent to my current reality, there is another almost-reality that is so much richer. One where I contribute so much more, and am so much less anxious and annoyed and afraid.

So I have two trains of thoughts from this jumping off point. One is a sense of time and another is a sense of worry, concern, anxiety. I'll save anxiety for the next post.

Time. I'm thinking about Jay Griffith's book A Sideways Look At Time, and how it was a subtle mindfuck that made me realize how shallow and narrow our definitions of time are. Time doesn't just pass in the highly structured, rigid, second-by-second minute-by-minute hour-by-hour pip pip pip. Time can be wild and rough and broad and tense. Music slows down when you're listening to it while running. There's something missing when we measure our lives day by day, week by week, and we expect to do X amount of work every single day, cranking widgets and so on. Once again I think there is truth in the middle of my former wrongness– I was wrong about the idea that someday I would be incredibly motivated and suddenly get everything done. No, there is some amount of grind that has to be faced every day. Everyday I have to do the writing, do the work. I have to at least attempt it for my own sake. Later today I will attempt to run, because I owe it to myself and it will be fun.

But in the meantime, sometimes there's just broader seasonal waves and drifts and such. Sometimes I feel like reading books all day long. Sometimes I feel like writing all day long. So far it feels like I haven't yet quite fallen into a wonderful "feel like doing work all day long" situation yet, but I think that's because I haven't framed the situation properly yet. I think I should set aside meditation days where I meditate all day long, maybe all week long. Rather than allocating time to specific tasks, I think it makes more sense to devote time to modes of being. A clinical day. An expansive day. A lazy day. A fast day. A movement day. A different point of view day. A random buses day. A craftsman's day. So on and so forth. Even without grand adventures like travel or other big things, life ought to be full of precious days that are interesting. But if you don't decide what your days are going to be, then you'll have them decided for you. [1]

If there's any lesson for me underneath all of this, it really just seems to be... that I need to run more, and that I need to meditate more, and that I need to take breaks more. I don't do enough of that. Earlier today I spent a disturbing number of hours in "flow" looking at stupid things on the Internet. Am I proud of that? No. Could I have done better? I'm not sure. Do I want to do better? Yes. Do I know what I need to do? I think the main thing is to have a better ritual and to take breaks with a refocusing ritual of sorts. I stick to the original starting points for way too long when I'm doing things that aren't great, and I don't get to the actually-great things because actually-great things require planning, preparation, mental-state management, etc. And I should make that a priority.

This is something I have said many times and have not made any substantial changes in. I suppose it's because there's been nothing concrete. I think what I need is to have a daily little challenge, and I should x-effect that. Let's do that.

[1] Actually I think that can be opened up and explored a little more. If you don't unplug, if you don't let go of your programming, then you'll follow your programming. And your programming is designed to do what is familiar and easy. So we're all moths flying into flames over and over again. And we say things like, oh, maybe the moth isn't that serious about getting away from the flame. Maybe it's just lazy. That's obviously not true, is it? If we were freer to choose as we pleased, then we would choose things that pleased us more. So clearly we're not making the best decisions, and clearly we're doing that because making the best decisions is harder, more painful or otherwise somehow more difficult or challenging in some way.
Earlier when I was scrolling through Facebook I saw a video of a street kid practicing boxing with tires tied to a tree. He was really intense about it, and it was quite an inspiring sight. You imagine, hmm, Manny Pacquiao might've started out that way or something similar. And then you think about all the people who built empires and created a ton of value fo the world, and they started out with a vision. Eminem, looking around him and seeing nothing that seemed like success, but having the conviction to practice and work on his craft anyway.

What is that? What is that fire? What is that intensity? How do you cultivate it without fear or shame or worry? I worry that I'll look stupid. I worry that I would regret having pushed so hard in the wrong direction. But then now we're going back to my anxieties that I had in school. School seemed like a stupid idea. I didn't want to work hard for nothing.

But at the same time, doesn't every living thing want to discharge its strength? That's why I'm writing right now, to discharge my strength. I should've done that when I was a kid. I should be doing it now, and yeah, I am doing it now so props for that. I should be doing it every day. I should be doing it every night.

And I shouldn't be doing it because it's some great sacrifice or burden or responsibility. I should be doing it because it's a joy, because it makes me happy, because through expressiveness I find peace and calm. I should be doing it because it's my catharsis. Because I am a writer, and writing should make me whole again when I am broken. Writing should be my therapy.

I was talking to an older person I respect and he was telling me that music has always been his salve, and I respect that, I've watched him do his thing and he's really, really good at it. I'm not that good a musician. But I could become a pretty great writer, I know that much. So I should write to heal, write to grow.

So... I guess while I'm jealous of the kid who was punching away with all his heart at the tires, I have the opportunity to do the same in my own craft. I have my day to day work to worry about, yes, but I should be punching my tires. I might be tired but I should be punching my tires. It's my salvation.

It might be ultimately meaningless, as everything else in life is, but it's something created within a self-imposed context. I do this because I want to get good at something that the world never told me to do, the world never forced me to do this. There were a few writers who inspired me, a few great folks who made me think, damn, I should bat least try to be great too, with this incredibly limited life we have. But that's it.

It does seem like I still have some underlying disdain for authority and a desire to avoid doing anything that authority tells me to do. So be it. Then I'll frame all the important things as ways of me avoiding orthodoxy. I work at a startup because fuck conventional organizations. I know that rationally speaking reality is much more complex and that the hatred isn't justified or anything, but nothing is justified in this world. Everything is an illusion, everything is fiction. I think it might make more sense to get all angry and pissed off, then take action, then sit in a corner and calmly meditate the anger away, then start over again.

I think that's the answer to my age old question, is it better to be angry or calm, is it better to get worked up or to be indifferent. Be both. One after the other, in cycles, get the best of both worlds. That's why people do drama and theater, isn't it? There's a need for aggression. We can't pretend that stuff doesn't exist. There's a need to be angry and violent and to fucking break things.
Quick note to self when I'm reading later: I started this vomit before I finished the last one. (And the one after that!) I don't always start and end my vomits in linear fashion, sometimes I start one, stop halfway (usually because I was writing on the train or something like that) and start something else somewhere else. It's a bit tedious, but so it goes.

The first assumption should be that I'm probably wrong about a lot of things. Maybe most things, maybe just a few things- but those things might be critical and they might be causing me pain and stress. It's far too burdensome and tiresome for me to continue to try and hold on to everything. Just as I went on an exile from social media when it got too much, I ought to go on an exile from my beliefs.

With social media it's technically easy- just click unfollow and unfriend a couple of thousand times. You get some itches to log back in, but there's nothing there so you just get hit with the realisation that you have this weird tic or impulse that you're not even mindful of.

With cigarettes it's a little harder- you get rid of the packs and the lighters and the ashtrays. You breathe and meditate as much as you can. You take long walks. Drink lots of water. Naps while your body repairs and recovers. The cravings come and you recite some mantra- "I want to go a year without smoking" or something along those lines. I think mine was "I want to know who I am without cigarettes."

Well, what about beliefs? How do you walk away from those? Do you need to know what your beliefs are before you can actually walk away from them? I guess the problem with beliefs is that they're rather invisible, and they might not be neatly contained.

I think it was Tony Robbins who asked, "what must I be believing in order to be where I am right now," and to contrast, "what must I believe in order to get to where I want to go?"

Well. This morning I believed I was too tired to get out of bed immediately. I believed I could somehow get away with doing some lengthy reading on my phone in bed and still get to work on time. I did leave before it got too late and I do think I'll be making it on time-ish. But those were silly beliefs. Beliefs I defaulted to rather than deliberately chose.

What else do I believe, or must I believe? I must believe that showing up to work is somehow good enough. And it was, at some point. But I also believe that I ought to grow into something better. I know I have that belief because I'm not content, because I get stressed and worried. I hold that expectation and constantly fail to meet it.

We've talked about this a few times. The question I have is- is this cycle of behavior what I really want? Do I sincerely believe that I'll break from it someday? Or is it a "if you buy enough lottery tickets you'll eventually win, I do have a chance" sort of belief? It seems be more of the latter. A lot of my life is about me excitedly buying lottery tickets and then getting all stressed and anxious when I don't win. And then it happens all over again. I'm addicted to the cycle of drama somehow.

How is a cycle of drama broken? It begins with an individual deciding they've truly had enough. The decision is made internally without consulting the fellow actors, because consulting the actors always results in more drama and the cycle continues without any real change. (This is what sitcoms are all about. Characters rarely really change. Sitcoms encourage stasis. Little attempts at change, but ultimately it's more trouble than its worth. Things get bad and worse, and ultimately a little flicker of genius from one of the protagonists saves the day. The moment of genius validates them, and their reward for dealing with the unpleasantness of the world outside their comfort zones.

So... what are the next steps, what should I do? I do feel like I need to spend a bunch of time walking and meditating and breathing and resting and sleeping, and maybe talking to people because people ask the right questions. That much is clear. But more importantly I think I need to recognize that when I'm in a downstate. This is an interesting piece of writing because the earlier half of the post was when I was in a pretty dull, bad downstate [1], and the rest that I've been writing since have been when I'm in a relative upstate. Not the highest of the high, but pretty good. Would be happy to have this.

So in general it feels like I have a whole bunch of "next steps" scattered all over the place and it's quite exhausting to think of all of them, to process all of them, to figure them out and have them "locked down" in the right way. And I guess I need to realize that it's never going to happen, I'm never going to suddenly have everything figured out perfectly. Rather, I need to learn to act in imperfection, and to... take the big little-steps that make the most difference. Do the highest priority, highest impact thing at each step of the way if that's possible. So I just need to figure out what that is, eh?

Let's just keep writing, and let's just keep thinking about it, and let's take more time out for reflection. I need to tie a reward to these reflection sessions so that I commit to actually doing them.

[1] I never know how to quantify my own annoyance or pain or misery or suffering. It's all inside my head, how do I quantify it? When you say bad, and I say bad, what's the difference? This feels like it ought to be a solved problem– we ought to have a better scale of quantified suffering. That sounds weird until you think about how it's weirder that we DON'T have one.

So there are a unch of possible solutions, right? Or possible interpretations. One is that I think I'm trying but I'm not really trying, and I should just try more, try harder, try properly. Another is that I'm actually trying too hard, and that trying too hard is exhausting and I should just let go and let things sort of happen in a mindful way. I think there is some validity to both answers, I think I don't have as much mindfulness in my life as I ought to. It's not that I work very hard or that I don't work hard enough– I don't even really know most of the time what state I'm actually in. I sort of rely on the outcome and my feelings to tell me how things are going. I'm tired and I've been at work for a long time, it must mean that I've been working hard. But that's mostly busyness most of the time– it's me trying to bang my head against a problem, or trying to win just by showing up and lingering. And yes, showing up is a huge part of solving any problem, but that's not the only part, is it? There's a lot more to it.

Or rather, "showing up" isn't a single event– it's an endless, infinite, recursive set of events within events. Yes, I have to show up to work, but then at work I have to show up to the task at hand. I showed up to my keyboard and I'm writing, but I should also show up in my head, show up to my thoughts, show up to my feelings, so on and so forth. There's many levels of awareness, many levels of presence, and I suppose that's what I need to be more mindful of. I can't keep languishing in self-pity and keep trying to squeeze out more praise from things that I've already done. I'm 25 years old now. I can't keep hoping that mommy or daddy or senpai is going to recognize me. I have to recognize myself. I have to provide my own internal validation. I have to assemble and direct my own life, and I can't keep hoping that other people will validate me for it. I mean, I consider the feedback of thoughtful, intelligent people to be a sign that things are going well, but the point is to focus on making things go well– not trying to squeeze positive feedback out of people who aren't volunteering it. That's a surprisingly challenging... challenge.

Happy 25th, Visa.
Even when I think "aha, I realize how absurd everything is", I really don't. It might be egos and selves and personalities that get in the way of processing what's really going on, which is a whole bunch of atoms just moving around in great big patterns. A bunch of neurons, mostly, with a bunch of senses and stuff connected to them... I don't really know the details and nuances as much as I'd like, but if you take away illusion of self, of experience, and so on, then it's all just this big dance. We use words and phrases like good and bad and selfish and altruistic but they're all really perspectives, constructs, games. I'm not saying they don't matter– they do, especially when you're a human living amongst other humans, or you're a social creature of some sort and you care about your own survival– but if you want to make sense of what's going on (and I think this is a necessity if you want to thrive at scale, beyond just operating at your own immediate level in your own immediate social circle), then it helps to at least temporarily suspend or try to suspend your own feelings, your own butthurt, your own anger and outrage and injustice, and just pay attention to what is going on as if it were natural phenomena, like water flowing down a mountain. After all, everything that exists is phenomena, no? So even if we're talking about things like incest and cannibalism and necrophilia and other things that are typically taboo, frowned upon, gross, disgusting, etc, they're still Things That Happen, and Things That Exist, and if we want to make sense of wtf is up, then we're going to have to sit down and pay attention to it and figure it out.
We've also talked about how everything is vague to a degree we do not realize until we attempt to make it precise– which is way more profound than I had originally realized (which is itself a proof of that statement– so meta and recursive, I know. It's a statement that applies to itself, too.) So you'll always have to calibrate your expectations, and it's important to realize that this is how things are, get as much information as you can, and figure out what you're going to do if things don't work out the way you want to.

Okay, let's rewind a little. What was the point of all of this? I wanted a sort of grand unifying theory or lens or perspective. I don't want to try and solve everything for the world, that's not possible, and that's not even interesting to me anymore. I just want to try and solve my day to day problems, and I feel like I have been ill-equipped to solve these problems. And it feels like now's the time for me to better equip myself. And I feel like part of better equpping myself requires me to be more efficient in the way I expend my cognitive resources. And I feel like I would be more efficient with my cognitive resources if I got rid of a bunch of mental filing cabinets. (I could probably write a separate vomit about mental filing cabinets. I'll make a note of that in my workflowy right now.)

The next point I remember chatting about is how everything we do is to pursue some sort of pleasure, some sort of chemical hit in the brain. It might not be as simple as that, it might not be entirely reducible to that, but it's astounding how far you can get just by remembering to factor that in. Human behavior. Seeking pleasure, avoiding pain. (Now I'm thinking about some of the procrastination stuff I've read.) Smoking a cigarette is pleasurable, participating in the social ritual (or individual ritual) of smoking is pleasurable. Withdrawal is unpleasant. Breaking out of the pleasure/pain landscape of a smoking habit is incredibly challenging and difficult, and most smokers fail at it over and over again, to the point where they resign themselves to their fate, where they think that they're stuck where they are. (I'm thinking now of how I feel when I'm stuck in a video game, doing the same things over and over again, and how I deconstruct my approach to see where I might be able to do something different.)

Starting on a difficult task is painful. The consequences of not doing the task will be more painful later on, but later-on pain is much quieter than right-now pain. (This could be a whole other vomit too.) I'm thinking now about how one of my biggest problems is that I _still_ haven't fully committed to recognizing this as a problem that I struggle with, and developing a legitimate prosthesis to use. I'm like the blind guy who refuses to use a cane because he doesn't want to be the blind guy. But I am horribly short-sighted with respect to time and so I definitely need to keep a very close eye on my time. (Heh, language.)

Look, it's your fucking life and you can do whatever the fuck you want with it. You can appreciate it or not appreciate it as much as you like. I think we've spent far too much time being conditiond by parents and teachers and peers telling you to appreciate life more. [1] More often than not I think we tell people to appreciate life not because we sincerely think they should, but because we think WE should, and we regret that we did not appreciate our own lives more. Well if that's the case I think we shouldn't be going around TELLING people to appreciate life, we should just appreciate it with them. We should just ask better questions, be more thoughtful in conversation, ask about little details. I think we straitjacket people with all the wrong questions, like what are you passionate about, what do you want to do with your life, what makes you different, yadda yadda. Well I might change my mind about this in a matter of seconds... I think it's useful to think about those things, but I also think it's important to be aware of the meta-games, the meta-meta-games, and the infinite recursion that goes on there.

So fuck it, I don't think I need to appreciate my life more. I think I'm appreciating my life at exactly the appropriate amount. If I feel like appreciating more, I shall do so. If I feel like getting caught up in something, I shall do so. I think I'd rather "fail to appreciate life" than be guilty about not appreciating life enough. I suppose the real solution is to make sure to take a little bit of time every day to meditate and appreciate life– it's a tiny sacrifice to make, if it's a sacrifice at all, and I think it pretty much resolves the issue once and for all.

Well it's not really even a sacrifice. It's just a reallocation of time that's normally not really prioritized in any meaningful sense, anyway. So why call it a sacrifice? It's just something that requires effort. I suppose the problem is that despite all of the talking and reading I still haven't fully developed a personal science to habit-forming for myself. And I'm reminded now that I'm hoping these vomits can help me do that. My daily writing practice is my meditation, in a sense. It keeps me grounded. It reminds me to appreciate life. So I think I might actually keep this going long after the project is done. But let's not get so ahead of ourselves, shall we?

Funny how I ended up using this post to ruminate on the guilt of being unappreciative. Still left to think and talk about: What it means to be happy in life, and with life. I remember that there was a TED talk that I really enjoyed about a few different kinds of happiness– I think it might have been pleasure, excitement, fulfillment, flow– 3 of those. Pleasure, flow and fulfillment, I think. All different things. Writing gives me flow.

Let's explore other facets of this in separate vomits now that this is done.

[1] Isn't it kinda hilarious how many of the people who quit the rat race go on to take a remarkably well-worn path afterwards? Everybody wants to start a startup or a cafe, go backpacking, become a writer or painter or yoga instructor... it's strange how similar these people all sound. It's almost like people were getting tired of the dominant script and now there's a new dominant script emerging... and I'm sure if we study the broader social trends over the past 100 years or so we should find that there's some sort of cycle here, or at least a pendulum, and we've all been here before. And I guess in every generation there are people who are frustrated and feel like they must be in the wrong place at the wrong time, and every generation will have a bunch of people whining about how bad their generation is, and a subset of those who whine about how annoying it is that people are whining but oh god there's no real alternative is there, apart from going into the woods or mountains altogether?
I suppose this goes even beyond the identity performance of Facebook and such. I find myself becoming a bit of a confessional sort of person. My brain has been coming up with all sorts of confessional thoughts– a part of me wants to go around telling all sorts of people about all of this, one and one, just so I get the sympathy and validation and thoughtful nods in response. And a somewhat interesting question (perhaps not very useful though) to ask is– is there any difference in me writing about it in a word vomit, versus me commisserating my feelings with other people?

When I'm clear headed I know that ultimately all of this is just a game, and I'd rather play the bigger game where I manage myself and my resources effectively and not have to require sympathy whatsoever. There is pleasure in eliciting sympathy the same way there is pleasure in smoking cigarettes– yes, it's nice, in a sense, but it feels like the whole thing is somehow "rigged" in a bigger way. [1]

What do I mean by rigged? I mean, the game is stacked. There are addiction mechanics at play that trap you, it's a sort of Hotel California situation. Getting good at internet arguments feels good, but then you get trapped in the world of internet arguments. If you feel quite happy doing that, good for you, and you wouldn't need to worry about anything else. But the fact that I'm kicking up some sort of fuss, putting up some sort of weak struggle, that itself is a sign that I sorta want more. I'd like to really pay attention to that, double down on that, amplify that. I'd like my life to be radically different, if only because life is short and it shouldn't be the same thing over and over again.

I want to be like Shepard. I want to grow, I want to be useful, powerful, attractive, reliable. I want to be able to smile and laugh heartily, and I want to be able to solve other people's problems. To get to that state, first I need to solve my own problems. To do that, I need to identify my own problems. The main thing I need to solve seems to be an energy / blood sugar type problem. I'll explore that in another post.

[1] I feel like the way I communicate is degrading. I think it's because I'm trying to just get through things as quickly as possible, without worrying too much about trying to accurately model specific states and structures. I guess I shouldn't worry too much about it. I trust that I'll be able to reinterpret it as necessary. I just need to keep running with it for now.
So what then? I guess I have to start from scratch. Let's write the next one thinking about the blood sugar problem.
When I look back, I find myself thinking about all my teachers' attempts to try and deal with me. And now as I get older I'm able to view them as fellow human beings rather than mysterious, powerful adults. They must have been tired and stressed and worried about their own jobs and their families and children and so on. They were all trying to do their jobs, and most of them definitely made a serious effort and went above and beyond what they would've been obligated to do. I'm reminded of teachers who took me aside to try and talk to me. I remember Mrs. Teo encouraging me to write letters to her, and she wrote back, and she was so kind. I remember Mrs. Choo taking the time to teach me something (I believe it was circulatory system stuff) during one of our breaks. I remember Mrs. Raj taking the time to go through things with me, too. I remember talking about computers and web design with Mr. Koh. I remember being impressed with some teachers. When I was in primary school, I had teachers who'd spend their break times with me, ask to see me after school, and back then I saw a lot of this negatively. I thought they were just trying to teach me a lesson, trying to make me suffer until I complied. The problem maybe was that I didn't value my own time or my own "face" or anything as much as they might've thought I did, so I was often willing to play out some sort of waiting game with them.

Thoughts are a little fragmented but I'll just keep writing as much as I can in each vomit and then try to summarize or recap, and I'll count on my second or third sweep to make sense of everything. But I guess in short I'm just wondering... how all that sugar and lack thereoff must've affected my moods. I remember feeling especially shitty in JC. I must've been eating really unhealthily then. Not enough. I think things cleaned themselves up substantially when I was in BMT and Signals– when I was following the strict army diet at the right times. I should try and return to that, somehow. That was probably the best I've been at so far, and I also remember writing a lot during that period.

So again, the first principles are– to recognize that everything is part of the same overall reality, and everything in that reality is made up of atoms and particles, and every state has causes and effects [2], and so if you understand what created a situation, you should be able (theoretically) to understand how to change it. Of coures, some things are irreversibly complex given the blunt tools we have. We can understand how an egg gets scrambled, but we aren't necessarily able to unscramble an egg. (Fixing the Middle East crisis seems to be remarkably like unscrambling an egg.) So the final question will be, "can entropy be reversed?" But while that train of thought can be profound and humbling, it doesn't particularly help us decide how to spend the rest of the evening. It doesn't help us decide what to do with the next year of our life, or the next decade, and so on. Which are the really important questions, aren't they? [3]

So we get to the mental filing cabinets. The mental filing cabinets are full of loose sheets of scraps of paper, all in really messy folders, some folded up badly, with binders in poor conditions and so on. On these loose papers are beliefs and concerns and thoughts and worries and ideas. And the frustrating thing about life is having to go through all these filing cabinets to figure out how to deal with a particular situation or circumstance. Most of the time we don't do it. Most of the time we just use the general habits and heuristics that are available to us. Which can be wasteful, because there's a lot of accumulated knowledge and wisdom in those filing cabinets. They're just hard to navigate.

There exists a hypothetical reality for an individual– and I believe this to be true, because I believe that the best people I know must necessarily do this– where their filing cabinets are entirely in order, very well indexed and very searchable– and the most useful and important things in these cabinets are duplicated and summarized and told in simple, memorable, sticky stories. So very little time needs to be spent consulting. There's a simple heuristic or set of heuristics that adequately captures the richness of most of the cabinets, if not all of them. This is one of my central challenges in doing these vomits– I'm sort of going through my mind's filing cabinets and pulling out many, many papers. The end goal I suspect is to get rid of the cabinets altogether. To take the best things out, and to be able to piece together anything that's missing just by sorta reading the tea leaves.

So what is the state of my mental filing cabinets? It's a fucking mess, I can tell you. All these books and relationships and people and ideas and perspectives and hopes and dreams and worries and anxieties and guilt and confusion and mess. It's really inelegant and messy. And I know wanting everything to be perfectly elegant is itself a sort of neurosis, but that's like... you know. If you walk into the room inside my head, it's a hideous mess. Everything is all over the place. And while nothing will ever be perfectly pristine, I could surely have SOME semblance of order.

I suppose the question I need to ask next is– well, what does some semblance of order look like? What are the things I'd like to retrieve really quickly? The first things that come to my mind: I need to have my blood sugar and meatbag management details in order, simply and easily. I need to recognize when I make certain decisions over and over and over again, and I need to "bump those up" in priority. I think the brain naturally does this when you're faced with the same situation over and over again, but it feels like the natural approach takes a little too long. I don't want to pick up smoking and quit another 20 times in my life. I'd like to never have to grapple with it again. And to do that I need to pre-empt that I'm going to thinking about picking up smoking again at some point in the future, and I should write myself an easy-to-access letter about it in advance. And I should have a reminder to myself that I have this easy-to-access letter at my fingertips. I think that should work.

So what are the letters? I also need to know how to think about my fitness, how to think about my diet. I shouldn't have to reinvent the wheel over and over again (which is what I have been doing with some of these vomits– the idea being that it's better to repeat things than to have said them once in the past and then forgotten about them). So I'm in the repetition stage. I'm doing things over and over so the neural patterns become stronger, or something like that. And then when I'm ready, I can pull those papers out and burn the filing cabinets, and then have a nice prim and proper folder that applies in most if not all situations. It will be a huge weight off my mind. And I need to meditate regularly too so I know what's actually important and what's not. I don't need to keep holding on to everything all the time. That's painfully tiring.

[1] Is there a single word that adequately captures all of this? "Philosophy" and "systems thinking" feel too academic. We're talking about practical know-how. The art and science of taking action. I'm tempted to say "of living", but I think the conversation we were having was focused more on doing and less on being.

[2] (without worrying too much about ultra-extreme cases like the big bang, where it's alright to say "we don't really know what happened before this... but there are some really smart people working on the problem and they may find out some interesting things that have crazy implications for the rest of us. We wish them the best of luck and will be delighted to hear what they learn, but in the meantime we're going to choose not to worry too much about it.")

[3] Maybe not, actually. There's an alternate perspective that makes a lot of sense as well. To not worry so much. To let go of all anxiety and just calmly be. And in being, find that there's no fear, no worry, no anxiety, and you just be. And you live your life in peace and harmony. I think that's an important thing to hold in mind. I think it's also a way of being that ideally we should be able to reach through multiple different paths. I believe that when I learn to properly make practical decisions, I'll be able to just calmly be. But maybe I've got the causality reversed on that. So that's something to keep in mind.
It would also be nice to have my schedule decided for me. How much time should I spend writing this? What time should I go to bed? What should I do before I go to bed? What should I do when I wake up in the morning?

I'd like to have my diet planned for me. What's the last thing I should eat at night? What's the first thing I should eat in the morning? What should I eat before lunch at work? What should I eat at lunch at work? What should I eat before dinner? I'm aware that I need to be eating all the time, so that's a start. Next would be having a list of options and then sorting through them. I'd like to have my outfits planned for me by somebody who understands my tastes and interests.

I'd like to have my exercise schedule planned for me, so that I can just follow it. I'd like to be able to run 2.4km in 10 minutes or less. I'd like to be able to get Gold for all my remaining IPPTs. I'd like to have all my Army stuff sorted out in advance so that if I needed to go to camp at any moment, I wouldn't have to do any sort of preparation. I'd like to have holidays planned in advance, I live day-to-day way too much. I feel like I need to spend some time with my wife away from home, so we'll do that. I also feel like I/we need to do something more than just time away– some exploration, some wandering. I'd like to finally go to somewhere really different– Europe, South America, the US, maybe Australia. Africa seems like a tough place to start.

What else? I'd like some new running shoes! That's a simple enough thing. I'd like to go to like, a running school. I'd like to get good at lifting, so I suppose I'd like to have a lifting program– but for a start I'd just like to show up and do the basic simple lifts that I know, and make it a habit to keep showing up. I suppose at a meta level I'd like a system that helps me prioritize these things. What comes first? I think good sleep should come first before anything else. It's 11:22pm so I should head to the shower ASAP and then get in bed ASAP. Next I'd like to keep doing vomits, the more the merrier.

Uhh. It's 12:18pm now. So I should really finish this as fast as possible and get in bed. So let's make it snappy. What else would I like, off the top of my head? I'd like somebody to plan my reading for me. (In all of these cases, that somebody could be me– I'm just thinking in these terms so that I have a clearer sense of the "jobs-I-want-done". It's easier to think about what I'd like done than to think about what I think I ought to do next.) I'd like to do a version of this exercise for work, too. I'll do that at work tomorrow. (Note to self: Noted! I sent myself an email. I think I should send myself more emails in general.)

Okay, I'm going to shower now.... okay, done with the shower, back. In bed now. 1:25am. I'm going to keep writing until my wife is ready for bed.

I'm thinking now about how weird it is that I don't use email more. I'd like to be able to send messages to myself in a way that's more simply searchable. I've tried using evernote and workflowy and trello and asana and all sorts of things, but somehow I still haven't really found something that works perfectly in all circumstances. So I guess I should figure out what sort of things I want to remember, and how, in what context.

Okay, let's hold that thought. What else would I like to have done? I'd like my wardrobe planned, I'd like some tailored shirts, jeans that fit better (the pair I have right now fit perfectly a while ago, but I was skinner then and I intend to put on even more weight so I should probably get something new.) What else? I'd like my home environment to better reflect my interests, I'd like to be more constantly reminded of all the things I care about and want to achieve. I have a grid on my fridge that has 1000 boxes in it, and I mark an X everytime I finish a vomit. What else could I do for that?

I don't like the idea of having to fill out tonnes of apps. I think I should keep track of all of my personal data in emails, in a way that's searchable. I have some stuff that's on telegram. For a while I was thinking it should be in workflowy, but now I realize that it should be in gmail, maybe a mix of gmail/gcal. That would make a lot more sense. So now I have a semi-large project to do... but I don't want to let myself get overwhelmed that way. That would just be painful. I suppose I'll just really quickly email myself a bunch of my run dates and times, but beyond that I'll just make it a point to email myself a little bit each day.

Okay, end of this train of thought. There's other stuff I want to talk about.
And then it felt really easy to buy a pack with my wife, and we'd share it, and smoke together, and I wouldn't feel like a full smoker as long as I was sort of just sharing a pack with her. But eventually the day would come when we had two packs at once, weeks later... and I recognized that I was fully into it. I was smoking in the morning when I woke up, while I was taking a dump [2], after work, and when I got home. I didn't smoke at work because I didn't want my colleagues to know that I was smoking again (such pride!), and I took heart in that fact– that I was "strong enough" to not-smoke while I was at work. I was more in control of myself and my habit than I was before. But it was still a rather miserable experience overall. I didn't quite enjoy cigarettes anymore the way I had before. I knew they were messing with my eyes, my breathing, my fitness, my breath.

Eventually I stopped again. I can't remember exactly why, I can't remember exactly when. (I could figure it out if I really had to but it feels like this is one of those things where being excessively precise is actually a little self-defeating. It's better if it's just a sort of blur.) Feels like it was about 2-3 weeks ago. I'm clean again. My eyes are still recovering. My lips and tongue and throat have gotten past the worst of it, but they're recovering, too. I still don't breathe as deeply or fully as I think I should be able to. But this time I feel a little calmer than the last time I quit. This time I've been here before, I'm walking over familiar territory. I know that I can do 6 months again, and I intend to do at least a year. Maybe then we'll go through this whole silly cycle again– and the funny thing about it is, picking up smoking isn't pleasant. The first few cigarettes aren't very enjoyable. They scissor your lungs up, your body knows its bad for you. But if you've been a smoker before, you know that if you stick with it there's "free" pleasure at the end of it, at least, a little bit down the line. At the END is a painful stasis where you're just a vehicle for the habit, the habit exists to perpetuate itself and your body (and mind) just suffer and wither in the process.

So why would I do it again? It sounds crazy when I'm up, but it's tempting and alluring when I'm down. I suspect that it's never possible to completely prevent yourself from being down 100% ever, and even the idea of it sounds a little sad, you know? I don't know. That's my past saboteur bum talking, raising this idea that sadness isn't quite the same if you aren't smoking and drinking. As I type these lines I don't quite feel strongly for any particular position anymore. I don't really care anymore, I feel. This seems to be a common thing with my thoughts about the past now. I'm starting to see the whole thing as this big inelegant dramatic mess that's fading into the distance, and as far as I can I really ought to let it just gracefully fade into obscurity. There's a whole new world ahead of me and I don't want to lose it by constantly obsessing about the past. What's ahead of me? I'm not sure. I'm also kind of worried that I'm falling into some sort of cyclic trap, where the next two years of my life will be the same as the past two, and then next thing you know 10-20 years would've passed and years of life worth livin would've gone down the drain. That would be a damn shame. And I'm pretty bent on not doing that. So let's just move forward.

[1] This makes me think about the normalizing effect of peers and environment– how something that seems weird can seem normal once you've been surrounded by it long enough. I was talking about it to a friend I recently met for dinner. How we tend to generalize. And that in turn was borne out of me writing the top-voted post on less Wrong, about generalizing from one example.

[2] there are nicotine receptors in your digestive system– the relationship between smoking and pooping is something people don't talk about very much, but it's a strong one.
I've always loved words. [1] I grew up reading books. My parents tried to be kind and loving to me, and one of the ways they showed their love was to provide me with all the books I ever asked for, and them some. I did some writing, but it wasn't all that great. I'd do really well on my English tests in school. I wrote a few songs as a teenager, but none of them were particularly good. I have a few pieces of writing that resonated with people, but I'm not entirely satisfied with any of them.

Quora honored me as a "Quora Top Writer" in 2012, and at the time that was a huge deal for me. I felt incredibly excited, and I started to begin to really believe that I might someday be a "professional" writer. A person whose ability with the written word was undeniably on par with any other professional's ability with her craft.

When I first started a blog, it was all about keeping up relationships with my friends. I'd sometimes rant and rave about things that excited me– books, movies, current affairs. But most of it was just about how my life was going, how angry and frustrated I was with school. How I was excited about music, how sometimes I felt like everything was beautiful, and how sometimes I didn't see the point of anything.

At some point I started writing "socialpolitical commentary", if you could call it that. My first experience about it was just complaining about my country– I got far more responses for that than anything else I had ever written, and I enjoyed feeling relevant. So I wrote more about that sort of thing.

As I look back now, I find it really hard to be confident about the causes of my past behavior. Hell, why am I even writing this, right now, while I'm here?

The only thing I can be sure of is that I can't be sure of anything. I was genuinely excited about some things. I remember being legitimately angry with the Education Minister when he said that it was "puzzling" that Singaporean students weren't motivated, self-directed. I also remember sometimes wanting to write things simply because I knew people would share what I had to say. I was eager to identify any mistakes that the media or administration might make, and I ripped into them. I do feel like a part of it was a righteous sort of fury, a sense that wrongdoing or incompetence should not be tolerated. Another part of it was me feeling disenfranchised.I've always loved words. I grew up reading books. My parents tried to be kind and loving to me, and one of the ways they showed their love was to provide me with all the books I ever asked for, and them some. I did some writing, but it wasn't all that great. I'd do really well on my English tests in school. I wrote a few songs as a teenager, but none of them were particularly good. I have a few pieces of writing that resonated with people, but I'm not entirely satisfied with any of them.

Quora honored me as a "Quora Top Writer" in 2012, and at the time that was a huge deal for me. I felt incredibly excited, and I started to begin to really believe that I might someday be a "professional" writer. A person whose ability with the written word was undeniably on par with any other professional's ability with her craft.

When I first started a blog, it was all about keeping up relationships with my friends. I'd sometimes rant and rave about things that excited me– books, movies, current affairs. But most of it was just about how my life was going, how angry and frustrated I was with school. How I was excited about music, how sometimes I felt like everything was beautiful, and how sometimes I didn't see the point of anything.

At some point I started writing "socialpolitical commentary", if you could call it that. My first experience about it was just complaining about my country– I got far more responses for that than anything else I had ever written, and I enjoyed feeling relevant. So I wrote more about that sort of thing.

As I look back now, I find it really hard to be confident about the causes of my past behavior. Hell, why am I even writing this, right now, while I'm here?

The only thing I can be sure of is that I can't be sure of anything. [2] I was genuinely excited about some things. I remember being legitimately angry with the Education Minister when he said that it was "puzzling" that Singaporean students weren't motivated, self-directed. I also remember sometimes wanting to write things simply because I knew people would share what I had to say. I was eager to identify any mistakes that the media or administration might make, and I ripped into them. I do feel like a part of it was a righteous sort of fury, a sense that wrongdoing or incompetence should not be tolerated. Another part of it was me feeling disenfranchised. So there were many reasons.

I've been a content marketer for two years, which is a very specific sort of goal-oriented type of writing to do, with business objectives and everything. I think I've gotten substantially better at it, even though I still feel like a little bit of a fraud [3], but in general I think I've got a pretty good handle on things and I've achieved some results, helped my team get recognition, all that good stuff. But I'm talking about writing– as a writer I feel like I've developed a sensitivity to how words come out, how they fall about. I think it's pretty clear that my writing style is changing and evolving from year to year. These vomits tend to capture a certain style, but the way I write for public consumption is evolving. More on that elsewhere.

This vomit started out as a Medium article that I wanted to publish called "deciding to write (sorta)", being about how I was getting tired of doing vomits and wanted to start writing for public consumption again. But halfway through I decided, fuck it. Let's stay the course.

[1] The first sentence that came into my mind when I started writing this piece was “I’ve always been a writer”. And that’s a simplistic, narrativistic sentence. It’s the start of a really predictable journey. Predictability isn’t a bad thing by itself, but if you’re serious as a writer, you ought to bring something to the picture that isn't trite.

[2] And I don’t mean that the way I might have as a smartass teenager– it’s just a starting point, not a conclusion.

[3] I suppose I should really sit down and analyze what I've done, and look for the gaps, and systematically fill them out, and so on.
It's 3:25am and I should be asleep but I'm not. Me and my wife seem to be having this weird silly habit where we stay up too late for no reason. I have work to do tomorrow morning, but I'm still here. I was staring into space for a while. Now I feel like I'd like to do another word vomit and then I'll feel like I'm "ready" to go to bed. I'm not entirely sure why I feel this way. I suppose I'd like to have some accomplishments before I go to bed.

But despite that I want to say to myself that I'm not angry, I'm not upset, I'm not disappointed. I felt like I needed a rest, I felt like I needed to chill. And while I've been awake longer than I should, I do feel like that I've been relaxed and that must be a good thing. Though I think reality is going to smack me in the face tomorrow, I'm not going to be sorry about it. I'm not going to feel guilty and make things worse. I'm just going to accept things for what they are and confront them as they are.

Things need to change, though. I want them to change. I want to be asleep before midnight everyday. Why aren't I doing that? I've been waking up late for a while. I don't want to blame my wife for any of this– it's up to me to decide what my priorities are and to take action that is consistent with these priorities. So I could and should probably interpret this as– I'm not super clear about what I'm doing. I'm taking some things for granted, I'm hoping that things will fall into place with the amount of effort that I'm putting in.

I have 700 words to go and my conscious mind is not all here. My eyes are getting heavy but I'd like to finish this even though I haven't exactly thought about what I want to be writing about with this one. I guess I'll write about "ugh fields", since it's warm on my mind and I think I can riff on that.

I read a post on LessWrong recently about "'Ugh' fields" that really resonated with me. I'll try to describe or interpret it from memory, so I'll probably get it wrong, but it's worth doing. An Ugh Field is a space that you brain does not like to go to. I'm not sure how exactly to define it– it could be some ideas, it could be a place, any sort of space that your brain does not like or want to go. Your brain associates it with pain and discomfort, and chooses to avoid going there. Rather, to be more precise, there is no choice available. You don't go there at all. You don't look there. When you're approaching it, you feel a little anxious or uncomfortable. Or VERY anxious and uncomfortable. AND more often than not you really don't know why.

It could be oversimplified and reduced into a mere comfort zone problem, but I feel like that doesn't quite capture the fear and disgust and avoidance that the brain experiences when approaching an "ugh field".

What are my ugh fields? My first thought is "I don't like work". I enjoy my colleagues and my office, and I enjoy whenever we have successes, but I realize that my brain instinctively has a broad, overall sense of fear and dread when it comes to work. And I don't think it's my work specifically, but just work in general– it goes all the way back to homework and tests. I liked attending lectures but I disliked tutorials, I disliked worksheets, that sort of things.

And when I'm saying this now, I recognize that there's an instinctive path that my brain tends to take there– I then get into this angry/upset rant about schools and how adults treat children. And that usually takes up a lot of energy. It wears me out. I've definitely written a couple of really long status updates about this on Facebook in the past, and I got a lot of Likes, which felt really good at the time. But what have those Likes actually done for me? [1] Not very much. I'm wary of falling into the comforting and familiar role of complainer– and there's a universe of details and complexity to be explored there. It can be endlessly fascinating, complaining and finding faults and all that stuff. But it's also stagnant. And I don't want to stagnate. [2]

So I guess this is just me trying to re-focus myself. I need to concentrate my forces and go straight into my Ugh Fields, one at a time, one by one, and fill them out. And then I can move out and go somewhere different with myself, which is I think what I really want to do.

[1] There's a line from Alexander Mahone in Prison Break Season 2 that really stuck with me– a subordinate was thanking him profusely for something, and his response was "I don't need gratitude, I need leads, information, etc." And I thought that was really powerful. Like, we're extra nice to our parents and teachers on the special days that we assign to them, but what they REALLY want most of all is for their children to become great, to become successful and good and kind and all that good stuff.

[2] I feel like I've been stagnating for a while, and I don't want to keep stagnating. So I need to change things. My life changed dramatically in 2013, and I guess 2014 was me adapting, and by 2015 it feels like this is my new normal and I need to start changing things, start focusing on things, start doing things differently. What's the first thing I should do differently? I suppose I should focus on being more proactive, and anticipate what are the gaps in my knowledge that I need to fill. People self-limit their ability to learn, just read books and talk to people.
The basic stuff is probably the most important- absolutely stay away from any sort of credit card debt or compound interest unless absolutely critically necessary. I was quite intent on paying for my airconditioning up front until my wife persuaded me that the monthly payments cost the same and wouldn't put as much of a dent in our savings. But I'm still suspicious of monthly payments for things that aren't miniscule. Actually even the miniscule stuff is a little worrying, but it's less worrying than say, random impulse buys.

The only things I think I really buy on impulse are books, and usually these are books that I really want to read or really want to own. The option of having access to some books is important to me. How important exactly? Well important enough for me to buy them, evidently.

I also sometimes buy clothes or slippers and such in ways that frustrate my wife. I only buy them when I need them, but once I need them I tend to be happy to satisfice very quickly. So I might buy say 5 tshirts for $20 each and be satisfied with spending $100 in a few minutes. Excellent, I still have the rest of the day to do other things like read. (Or sit mindlessly on the Internet, which I pretty much always regret doing. I guess I should be more rigorous in "pricing" my time. Time spent exercising, reading, writing, that's time well spent. Sleeping early is also time well spent. I slept early yesterday and intend to sleep early tonight. It has a huge impact on my mood. So I suppose I should list and "price" my behaviors. Random internet-ing typically puts me in a death spiral, like a moth to a flame. So I should avoid it unless I'm really saying "I have exhausted all other forms of rest / relaxation". Which is bullshit. I'm better off playing guitar, or reading a book, or going for a walk with something interesting to listen to– a great album that I haven't listened to yet, or a chat with my wife, or some motivational tapes or audio books, whatever. Random Interneting is one of the absolute worst uses of my time.

What else did I want to say, what else do I want to say? I feel like it's time to grow up. I feel like I've spent a lot of time talking about growing up, and talking about wanting to grow up, and feeling sorry about the fact that I haven't grown up, and doing lots of reading about what it's like to grow up. But the thing I actually need to do is grow up. And I'm not sure if I'd have been able to grow up faster if I had done less reading, or maybe if I had done more of the reading in less amount of time. I suspect reading had very little to do with it. I think environment and context has more to do with it. I think stakes has more to do with it. I think you grow up when you take on stakes that are greater than what you're comfortable with, and I don't think you can ever truly adequately prepare for that.

It feels a little strange but I think that's it. The worst suggestion in the world would be to ask somebody to have a child just so they can become more adult, but I'm sure there are loads of people who have children for worse reasons, or without thinking or planning about it. I've written blogposts about Odysseus and about burning bridges, but really doing that is something you can't quite ask somebody to do. It's irresponsible to ask somebody to quit everything, or to do something crazy, to be extreme. But isn't that funny, this law-abiding, rule-abiding world we live in? We're supposed to insure everything, never give too much away, never commit to too much... (and here I realize there must be something I'm missing, because I habitually DO commit to too much. Probably the problem is stakes. I just make empty promises, but I don't commit like "buying airplane tickets" commit.)

So maybe everything should have stakes. Maybe I'm overthinking it. The most important thing for me right now is to finish this vomit ASAP and go to bed, so I can sleep early, wake early and crush tomorrow like a boss. And then the day after. And the week after that. There's been a lot of talking and not a lot of doing. So it's time for doing. And I suppose when I stop worrying about it so much I can do more.

A lot of this sounds very unverified, unvalidated, just general emotional mood stuff. But that's okay for now, I'm just writing and publishing. The thing is to stick with it, to return to it the next day. I'll write something else tomorrow. We'll see.

I guess all of this is a part of me growing up. I might be narrativizing here, deliberately, hopefully. But we're always narrativizing all the time whether we like it or not. The story for me was always, "one day my prince will come", where the prince is a smarter, wiser, more powerful and enlightened version of myself. Who's grown past all the childhood slights and insecurities and worries. Princely Me is confident, speaks clearly, has a deep voice, no anxiety in his face. He's physically strong. Disciplined, attentive, efficient. Internally driven, internally validated. Unfazed by stupid bullshit around him.

He has to be committed to something. I imagine he's committed to serving the ideals of great men throughout history. Not in arguing on Internet forums about what these men had to say, or what they really meant, or what was right or wrong about them. That's a losing battle, one without stakes, devised and perpetuated by the disenfranchised to feel an illusion of significance. Yes, everything is ultimately illusory, but it isn't cheesy smartassery to recognize that some things are more illusory than others. Things that- when you stop believing in them, or you walk away from them, cease to exist, cease to be significant, cease to be meaningful. Theoretically if I could walk away from all my nonsense neuroses they should fade away. The problem is that the idea of walking away still seems to be just that: an idea.

(Just felt a momentary impulse to tab out and check social media. Acknowledging. Allowing it to fade. Back on track.)

If I am to grow and learn as a person I need to figure out how to actually leave all my old bullshit well and truly behind. Is a writing project like this directly in contradiction with that goal? I don't think so.

Am I being unkind by calling it BS? (Does it matter? Probably not, but I can allow myself to explore the idea within the context of one vomit. I just need to pay attention if I'm repeating this over and over again. Which I might.) I guess it's just a lot of details in a space that will ultimately be inconsequential to anything other than my own ego. I keep hoping that there must be people who relate exactly to me, who are already giants in their own ways, and that than will be interested in all the sordid details, that they will validate me for all of that. "Oh, poor baby," they will say, "my life was just like that too. Let me love you."

Writing it down reveals how silly it is. It's cached childish stuff. I don't want to be babied by my future peers. And there's no need for us to go into all the little details of each other's childhood pains. The point is to be actively doing things about them. The point is to be working and growing.

I'm thinking now about the loyalty missions in Mass Effect 2.

A part of me wants to be Shepard, earning the loyalty of high-quality people around me. A part of me wants to be one of the crew members. To be visited by a Shepard who, in service of his quest, is willing, able and eager to listen to your problems, and to help you resolve them so that you're able to join and serve the mission better. But I think even then the most important thing to realize is– Shepard wasn't running around solving everybody's problems, she didn't have time for that. She only solved the problems of the people who were already identified as the most powerful, useful people in the Galaxy to help her on her quest.

So if you want to experience something like a powerful Loyalty mission dynamic (and I feel like I've experienced a 1.0 version of that with my colleagues), you need to be someone worthy of it. We're all the way back to the Cracked article about harsh truths.

The harsh truth is– nobody in the world is naturally inclined to care about you beyond more than what you can do for them. Relationships can begin in functional, transactional ways and then develop into something more– that's a sort of elaborate ritualistic commitment device, sure, but fundamentally the important thing is to be able to deliver value. To earn your keep.

Perhaps there might be some magical people out there who don't try to optimize in the slightest, but it's cruel advice to tell somebody to hold out for someone who'll magically love them for who they are.

I also find myself thinking about old friends I no longer have active relationships with, people I parted ways with. Do they think of me as much as I think of them? Is it weakness on my part if they don't? Does it even matter? No, it doesn't. "You foreign fuckers care more about dead buildings than living people," said some graffiti in some place with ancient civilization as a tourist attraction. Isn't this the same with our memories? Am I not guilty of doing the same- prioritizing perfect (or perfectly imperfect) memories over real people, problems, challenges? It's a sort of perfectionism, a fear of loss and failure.

But we have to fail our way forward, it's the only way. Otherwise we're trapped. I may have gotten good at rationalizing and romanticizing what it's like to be trapped, but let's be honest- it sucks. Just because it might be possible to find meaning in life in prison doesn't mean you should go go prison to find meaning. The world is a big place- nasty and dangerous but also full of opportunity and wonder and lots of laughs.

Okay, I'm getting too far out of my head and environment here. Talking about "the world" is usually a sort of escapism. All I'm trying to say is that I should focus on the challenges in front of me rather than the memories behind me. I can always reminisce later, or I can always make time to reminisce if I really want to.

And there's only so much juice you can squeeze out of old stuff anyway. And nobody really cares about those little details until you've accomplished something significant. I was looking through old posts on Facebook and found an old discussion about a rich doctor (I think) who got cancer and gave a really inspiring speech before he died. And he talked about how materialism is bad and how he regretted it.

The interesting thing about humans is we don't really pay much attention to the people who were non-materialistic from the start. They don't really seem to show on our radar. Even Buddha started out as a prince before he gave everything up. Maybe there are some exceptions to this rule... but okay, zooming out, why does this matter?

Right, trying to figure out what I should focus on, what I should work on. Well I have certain obligations to fulfill in order to earn the living that I earn, and when I don't fulfill these obligations my body feels it. It's a nasty feeling. The same feeling I had when I didn't do my homework as a kid.

(Quick thoughts about the feeling in school- I suppose it's clear to me now how I feel about school now, and if I could go back in time I might not feel anxious because I'd know that it wouldn't really matter. But I didn't know back then. I just felt like I was disappointing people. Does it matter if you're disappointing people? That's up to you, I guess. Disappointing people you care about, that always sucks. You get to choose who you want in your circle.)

I suppose in general I have this weird habit of distrusting my biology. I don't eat when I'm hungry. I don't sleep when I'm sleepy. I don't exercise when I'm lethargic (and for the longest time I didn't even equate the two together.) That needs to change. I make it out to be big philosophical or complex problems but really, what does my body want? I should listen to that.

Right now my body wants to be done with this vomit, to publish, to X the box, to strike off the date on the calendar, to crack open a cold beer and have a good night's sleep. Today's fight wasn't perfect, but it's been better than most. We'll do even better tomorrow.
Right, I wanted to talk about my day. I had a lot of trouble sleeping yesterday, I'm not entirely sure why. It felt like my body was " alive", my nerves were "on fire"– not that intense, just sorta... lit up. Not exactly gentle, not exactly raging. But I couldn't go to bed. I had a problem. And so I pretty much stayed up all night.

And once again I'm thinking and talking about sleep. There's a super-clear co-relation between the quality of my sleep, quantity of my sleep, and my ability to think clearly. I was barely able to think clearly today. I had committed to two things today, and I was determined to meet the people involved on both counts. The first was near my workplace, and the latter was at the end of the day, for drinks in town. I was really tired, and my body was begging me to stay in bed, but I was set on making sure that I kept to my word. And so I did. What didn't occur to me, though, was the fact that I could've totally gone home in between the two events and taken a nice long nap. I could've probably even gotten more work done than I got done at work today. (Thankfully, I've been extra productive the past 3 days, so I feel like I'm on track at work all the same.) But I guess because I was sleepy, it didn't occur to me to question the order of things that I had planned out in my head. I was thinking " Meet A, go to work, Meet B".

I'm much better at questioning assumptions when my mind is clear and well-rested. I'm much better at even NOTICING these assumptions when I'm well-rested. When I'm sleep-deprived I work on autopilot. I noticed it later in the day too, when I struggled to think about the optimal way to get to my destination. (I was about to take a more long-winded train route rather than the shorter one, simply because it was more familiar.) And I used my Google Maps to guide me to my destination– and again, I didn't really process the information properly, I was just following the blip on the map.

I'm really impaired when I'm sleep deprived I suppose everybody is. So it's super clear to me– it's always been on my mind, I've always written about it, I shudder to think of the number of vomits I've already written about the importance of sleep– that if I want to grow and progress and become more successful and more accomplished, if I want to help people and become a better person, if I want to stop being a burden and start being an asset, well then I'm going to have to sleep better. So I'm going to have to train myself to sleep better. I'm going to have to take more naps and practice nap-taking and get better at it. And this is critical to my "mission"– which right now is just to be extra-focused at work for the next few months, to prove to myself that I can be disciplined and I can break through the rut I feel like I've been in.

Speaking of ruts, I was chatting with a friend who is in one right now. It seems like he's in it worse than me. Or it just seems awfully familiar. I've been in that exact same position. Maybe I'm still there. But it's always easier to see what's going on with other people than it is to see what's going on with ourselves. And again I think the problem is a lack of skin in the game. A lot of shoulds and not really any Musts. A lot of I-think-I-wanna and not really any I'm-bloody-well-gonna. One of the cruel things about life is that it's hardest to do the thing you need to do when you most need to do it. As Les Brown said, anybody can be positive and have a larger vision and all that when they're happy, their bills are paid, everything's taken care of. The real challenge happens when you get knocked down and everything around you looks shitty. Then you just internalize your circumstances and your conditions– or I do, at least– and I feel shittier for it, and I feel like I'm not going to be capable of very much, and that trying isn't worth it.

But as I write this I know that's not true. All of that is just fog, and fog is temporary. It will clear. It will subside. We can make it so, or we can at least make a damned effort. It might mean taking medication or therapy or whatever, I don't know. For me I find that sleep and exercise alone can go a really long way. And wanting to prove a point, really really badly. I guess the question is, what do you want to prove?

One of the things I was thinking about while I was making the bed and thinking about what I was going to write in this vomit was– what's my vision now? What do I really want now? I know that life is ultimately meaningless and purposeless and temporary, and it's all a fleeting game and we're here for a few moments and then we're gone and that's it. So I'm not too crazy about all the Big Ideas like creating True Meaning or reaching True Enlightenment or greatness or anything like that. It's all play. I just want to have fun. And I'm recognizing that fun isn't something that you can just have 24/7, we're never quite that lucky. Fun is a privilege that you earn. When you're a child you have spaces that are created for you that are safe for you to play in. When you become an adult you have to carve those spaces out for yourself.

So that's what I want. My vision is– I'm going to become a disciplined, responsible person who gets shit done, so that I can carve out spaces for myself in this messy reality in which I can play and have fun. Play with words, play with ideas, connect things, just for the joy of it. And to see other people's shining eyes. Especially the people that I respect and admire.

And to do this, I have to start with myself. I have to put my own skin in the game, my money where my mouth is, my neck on the line. I have to go out into the wilderness and cut down the fucking tree, kill the boar, drag it home, carve it up and feed myself and feed my loved ones. And then we can sing and dance and make merry. But the point is to be able to create that space. And the space won't create itself. Reality doesn't give a shit about me. And it doesn't owe me jackshit. And I'm not going to sit here feeling sorry for myself– there's nothing wrong with THAT, but that's a really tiny space.

And I was born big and long and talkative and loud, and god damn it, I am going to take up the space that I need. And I will do it in a way that is kind, respectful and a plus rather than a minus to the world, and I will bask in the sunshine. And then I'll get back to work with a smile on my face and sweat on my brow. Onwards.
So there’s this interesting contradiction. I’m fixated on my past, and yet I don’t seem to learn very much from it. It’s the worst of both worlds. Ideally, I’d like to learn everything that I need to learn from my past, and then focus on the present and the future– maybe reminiscing once in a while, like once a month or so. Instead, I find myself constantly playing the game of “Oh, poor me!”. I’m starting to get tired of this game. I’m getting less utility from it than I used to, and there are more opportunities to get more utility elsewhere.

So I need to change the game that I’m playing. I play “Oh, poor me!” to get validation, to feel somehow important and relevant in some way. I think it was Dostoyevsky who said that we love our ailments and diseases, and that we moan and groan and gnash our teeth to either elicit sympathy or just to make other people feel annoyed or guilty. It’s a way of feeling significant, which I imagine most people want to feel.

So I need to find another way of getting validation, a better, healthier way somehow. I know that exercise for example is a better, healthier way of "washing the brain” than cigarettes and alcohol. In both cases it’s just chemicals in the brain, sure, but the latter is damaging to health and can have a deleterious effect on health and mental well-being. Smoking makes you squint, it dries out your skin and tongue and mouth, gives you bad breath, makes you a bit of an outcast. Exercise makes you stand taller, more confident. You become more “radiant”. You become more sexually attractive, which is a valuable social asset to have when you’re a human living amongst other humans. Exercise compounds in a good way, cigarettes compound in a bad way. If you want your life to get progressively better, you learn to do the former and weed out the latter.

The “if you want your life to get better” bit is non-trivial. It’s not a simple yes or no proposition. Some people have it good– they know that life should be lived well, that you should do difficult, challenging things because those things make life even better. That you should manage your time, be focused, say no to stupid shit, choose your friends carefully, so on and so forth. I am not that person. Not yet.

Some people are at the opposite extreme. They are depressed, frustrated, angry. Or maybe they’re apathetic, indifferent, uninterested. In my book, these are both just different ways of “not-growing” or “not-progressing”. People who, when they hear something like “Do you want to be happier? Do you want more out of life?” think “Fuck you”. I’ve been there before, momentarily. And I have to say that being there momentarily doesn’t even give you an inkling of a sense of what it must be like to be there permanently. It’s like sleeping in a park for a week to feel what it's like to be homeless. You get a sense of the conditions, yes, but you still KNOW that ultimately you have a home to go to. It's pretty hard to imagine the absolute and total despair that some people must feel. We can try our best, but, ya know?

I can't claim to be from either camp. I'm somewhere in between, as I suppose most people are. But that's not a very nuanced statement. I should add some precision. I do think I want my life to be better, or at least I feel like I think it, and I say it. I think it when I'm alone by myself with nobody to impress, nobody to perform to. But my actions aren't consistent with that thought. I don't do what is optimal. Now it's probably not fair to expect anybody to be optimal all the time, even those people who seem to be magically the opposite of homeless and depressed and despairing– those who are heat-seeking missiles, driven and focused.

Anyway, I wanted to write about the outcome that I specifically want to avoid. When I was younger [3], I didn't quite fit in. I wasn't a blatant, terrible misfit– I wasn't a critical case– but I was always getting in trouble, always not doing what I was told, over and over– I've written about this to exhaustion. And I know that there were times where I felt really hopeless and weak, like I was being cheated and exploited somehow. I don't want to make a value judgement about those feelings– they were feelings, and I felt that way for some reason or another. And I remember thinking my equivalent of "someday my fairy godmother will come". Someday somebody will recognize my value. Just you wait.

I've since been lucky and had my equivalent of such an opportunity– but what isn't in the fairytale is how challenging it is when you get what you wish for. Because now you're accountable for the outcome. You've been fighting for an opportunity, and now you've got it and you better not screw it up! It's like wanting a role in a movie, and getting the part, and then... realizing that actually doing the acting is way harder than you had ever anticipated.

With the benefit of hindsight, this is where preparation comes in. If tomorrow I get a book deal, I know that I've pretty much written 400,000 words and I can do it again. As Les Brown said, it's better to be prepared and have an opportunity, than to have an opportunity and not be prepared.

With regards to my work– I was not prepared. But then and again you can never prepare 100%. The challenge ahead of me now is to do the preparation. To do the reading. To do the rehearsals. That's the only way to move forward in a complex and dynamic environment– which is what I've always wanted, which is what I was putting off the stale and boring reading for. But there's no escaping the reading.

[1] Escaping this situation requires grace and forgiveness. It requires letting go of perceived enemies and slights.

[2] I think there is room for fair, valid and useful criticism of the education system, or of any system. The challenge is to simply state the truth, as clearly and with as little varnish as possible. This can require a startling amount of effort. There is some utility in writing with a lot of feeling and emotion, and in a way, you always know when somebody cares about something even when they're trying to be dispassionate about it (because they put so much effort into it!). But I think writing in a calm, neutral and fair way allows things to be interpreted by a broader audience. You bypass the filters that people put up to keep out content from out-groups.

[3] I don't blame anybody for this, it was just the reality that I was born into. Reality doesn't give a shit. Reality doesn't owe me anything. And reality is hell of a lot worse for the vast majority of everything that exists, and for everything that has ever existed.
The simpler idea was just this: That I'd be a different person at the end of writing 1,000,000 words. That I would have a completely different writing style, a completely different attitude and perspective towards words. A different relationship with words altogether. I had already witnessed how my writing had changed after writing a few hundred blogposts, and I wanted to really kick that into overdrive. How far can I build upon this? How much can I level up? I wanted to know.

Also, the project seemed novel and like it would give me some sort of legitimacy and street cred. Here things get a bit cloudy. I'm realizing now that the project isn't as sexy as I thought it would be, and people aren't nearly as interested in it as I hoped they would be. I stated to myself that I didn't really care about anything other than my own relationships with my writing, but I'd be lying if I said there wasn't a part of me that hoped I would somehow get catapulted into importance or significance. I suppose I vastly underestimated how that works, but that's also another good lesson. To earn that sort of legitimacy, you have to consistently deliver really valuable stuff. I've written a few things that have taken off– my vomits about "I didn't do well because I didn't study", my analysis of Mean Girls and my rant about productivity apps all were well-responded to. Yet even those successes– which thrilled me at the time when they were happening, because I was getting all this social validation– now somehow ring hollow. They aren't particularly compelling, they aren't particularly meaningful. They just entertained a bunch of people for some period of time. I look at Tim Urban's work with Wait But Why and I realize that's what I was hoping to do, but I was far from qualified or able at the time. And I'm not sure if I am now. I want to complete this project before I do anything else. So onwards with this. I'm sort of imposing an arbitrary, artificial constraint on myself because otherwise I wander aimlessly. And I want to train myself to commit, focus and complete the things that I set out to do, because I think that will serve me much better in the long run than short-term opportunism. It's far less exhausting, too. I'll be able to follow my own schedule rather than rushing and racing after whatever's current. When everybody zigs, zag, init?

A couple of times I'm sure I've mentioned this feeling that I'm feeling now, which is that my writing leads me to a point that makes me realize that writing can be rather superfluous. What I need in my life is action more so than talk. I've rediscovered the writings of Aaron Swartz (and by extension, Ray Dalio) and find that they say almost everything I could possibly have hoped to want to say. And that should be a liberating thing, it should mean that I can move on to writing what's next. (Granted, I really ought to read and internalize those things before anything else. But hey, this is a writing project and I have to keep writing no matter what. That's just the deal right now.)

So what do I want now? I want to pay attention to how much I've changed, for one. I want to see if this project has been worthwhile so far. Well, has it? Before I even decide on that, I need to ask– why? I suppose it's because I want to know if I should continue or "quit while I'm ahead". But I don't want to quit. Quitting is not an option here. I intend to see this through. So I suppose I want to know if I should continue "as-is", or if I should make some changes to what I'm doing so that I can make better use of my time. So that this project grows in value to me. I don't want it to be another 600,000+ words of me saying I wish I slept better, and I wish I did my work, and I wish this and I wish that. The time for wishing is long past. I have to confront my realities. So my writing has to reflect that. Contributing to this project is a privilege, and having the opportunity to say absolutely whatever I want is a privilege, too. I don't want to waste that. I want to make the most of my time.

The project will continue. I will write a minimum of 1/day. And if I have more time after that, I'll consider either writing more, or reading back to see what I've learned, and then refactor things. And I will do the work. I might be echoing myself but we'll see at the end of it what has changed.

[1] Which means that I've been doing less than 1/day. What's interesting is– I've been doing 1/day for the past week or so now, and it feels like I'm doing too little. But that's actually more than I've been doing all along. It's interesting to pay attention to this feeling. Because it means that my fundamental feeling for what progress looks like is actually really wrong. I know this intellectually, but it's good to have an example to feel it with. Now I can return to this if I need to.

[2] I hope writing doesn't die as a medium before I do. I'm guessing it'll stick around.

Hot on the heels of the last vomit– so this is the first time in a few days that I'm writing two instead of one. I wanted to think about what has changed. Well, I got married. I bought a house. I got a job. I've been working in that job for 2 years. I've grown within that role and I'm responsible for more things than I was before. I quit smoking, started again, quit again. Same for exercise. I learned to cook scrambled eggs, and I cooked some chicken once. I'm eating a little healthier than I did at the start. I'm sleeping a little better (I think). I'm feeling more in control of my life, I think. I'm a littled bit more jaded (but I intend to overcome that and stop feeling sorry for myself), but I'm still committed and I want to renew my commitment to living a life of joy and excitement. I want to be happy, that hasn't changed. I love good books and good movies, that hasn't changed. [1]

I know that I want to become disciplined and focused. That hasn't actually changed. I suppose I'm putting in more effort now. I realize that I need to measure things by my output and the outcomes that I intend, not by how much I talk about how much I want to grow and improve. I need to be more systematic. I need to be able to regulate and discipline my emotions better. I need to be able to be more calm. I've experimented a little bit with meditation. I know that exercise is important. I'm curious to read more of the books on my shelf. I think it's time soon that I get into some of the classic stuff.

I think I've changed with regards to my relationships with other people. I'm not perfect yet and I never will be. But I still want to be a lot better as a person. I want to help people. I want to be less snarky. I want to never say anything negative or nasty about anybody– I think I've made a lot of progress on that front but there's still more to go. I think I'm less whiny as a friend and as a husband. I think I recognize the importance of being a solid, reliable rock. Reliable was never something I prided myself on or hoped to be as a child, but that child is long gone now. That child was confused and misled and all sorts of things. He also had some pretty good ideas and I'll consult with him from time to time, but for the most part I think it's important for me to think for myself. I think I've distanced myself a lot better from old grudges and childish worries. I think I see more clearly now how me living well has a positive impact on other people around me, especially the people I care about. I think I see more clearly now the importance of communication, of protocol, of not leaving people hanging. Of planning. Of rehearsing.

I still definitely don't plan enough. I don't rehearse enough. I keep hoping that I'll improvise magical material that will knock everybody's socks off, but the truth is that even the best improvizers get good at improvizing by practice. I realize the importance of being spontaneous, and of saying Yes to when my wife suggests going on a date. I realize that I shouldn't overcommit to many things, instead I should get a fixed amount of basic stuff done every day. I'm still new to that but I think I'm getting better at it. I realize that I should make decisions in advance and then disallow myself from re-deciding and overthinking. I realize I give myself too much leeway to lead myself away from what I want, into mindless distractions and entertainment. I'm sure I've been saying that for 10 years now, but it feels like something is starting to be different. Probably because I've been outside the Cave, and now that I'm back in it (in some respects), my life can never be the same. It's like refusing the Call to Adventure, isn't it? You can't really do it forever. Once you have seen beyond what you know, you can't undo it. You can't return to ignorance. I can't return to ignorance and I don't want to. And I can't, so the "I don't want to" bit is meaningless anyway.

The only thing left now is to just walk into the pain, lean into the pain and discomfort and walk towards the truth. To realize and recognize that I have been clothing and covering myself in bullshit– for all sorts of reasons– and now that I'm outside of my comfort zone– now that the village idiot has gone into the wilderness– there is no choice but to acknowldge weakness, to acknowledge that the BS is worthless, and that I have to start figuring out how to fashion a spear, and how to hunt. I have to start figuring out what's edible and what's not. I don't have time to play the parlor game that is "Wow, what a parlor game we used to play!" We're in the wilderness now, in some sense. And the only way is forward. We will never be able to return and say that our hands are empty, that we return with nothing. We could, but that's a sort of death. The only way is forward.

Oh yeah, something else that has changed. I've had a few days now where I got a bunch of work done and then went home with a smile and confidence in my body, rather than worry. This is an important battle for me.

[1] In recent times I've read the Ender's Game series, Steve Wozniak's autobiography, a couple of good interviews and essays. I've watched Gattaca and Good Will Hunting and A Few Good Men, all good movies. I watched The West Wing– not THAT recently, but still recent within the context of this vomit project.
There's a lot of information and wisdom in the body. I'm not a scientist, and I haven't read all the literature, so some of what I'm saying is probably incorrect to some degree. But there have been people doing studies about things like how a person's posture affects their confidence, and how smiling or frowning affects the mood. That's the basis of behavioral therapy, isn't it?

If only it were that simple and straightforward– if you're feeling down, pretend you're not and after a while you'll feel better. It's good to practice that, I don't think we should knock it. Everybody should probably do affirmations (I don't, I still feel a bit silly doing it) because they'd benefit from it. Everybody should exercise. I definitely stand taller after I exercise. And a part of that might be chemical, but I think there might be more to it, too. Just feeling like you've put in the work. I feel that way after writing word vomits. There's no reason why writing a word vomit should give me good feelings the way I feel when I exercise, is there? Maybe there is. It's the feeling you get when you play well in poker, or even a video game. Feelings are real even if the things we're doing are arbitrary. I do know what it's like to get sweaty palms while playing poker, to feel the heartrate elevate. Why do we feel things like that? It might be arbitrary and inconsequential, but the body responds anyway, doesn't it?

The body might overreact and overrespond to things. When I'm anxious and upset it can be particularly annoying, spiraling into worse things. I don't want to get into too much detail here because I'll probably get things wrong. What I really wanted to talk about is the sinking feeling I've carried in my stomach for most of the past 20 years or so. At first I felt it because I didn't do my homework at school, because I didn't know what was going to happen the next day. Becaus I didn't check my timetable. I didn't plan in advance. It's so strange and silly on hindsight that I didn't learn from my day to day. I was supposedly smart– gifted and all– but I couldn't recognize that I was effectively running into a brick wall every single day. My body was trying to tell me that something was not right, but it was always too late, and I was always trying to improvise my way out of it. So much stress and anxiety that didn't lead anywhere.

And I still feel those things when I don't finish my work on time, when I don't fulfill my obligations. It's like a warning system inside my body. This is a bit of a multi-layered thing, but in general I'm guessing that I don't listen to my body as much as other people probably do. I don't eat when I get hungry. I don't sleep when I'm tired. I tend to just persist on whatever it is that I'm fixated on, without bounding it with broader structures. I read books for far too long. I play video games for far too long. I've never been "working effectively" for far too long, but I've definitely spent far too long staring at my work without making any progress. Which can be debilitating. It leaves me tired and weary and frustrated and then I don't get enough rest and the whole cycle repeats itself. And central to all of that is this sort of clenching feeling that I have in my stomach, which makes me really worried and stressed. I'm sure that it's bad for my health in the long run. I can't keep it up like this, I'd get ulcers or something if I don't have it already. So it's important for me to exercise, rest, meditate, take deep breaths. But those are just palliative, they don't address the root causes. I still somehow am able to pretend that I don't see things coming. And yeah maybe I don't from a "I am short-sighted with respect to time" perspective, but that's no excuse, really. A genuinely short-sighted person might not be able to see oncoming traffic, but so then they know not to cross the road like an idiot. They either get a friend to walk them, or they go to the crossing. Suppose a person is able to survive traffic accidents, so they don't get killed when they get hit by a car. They just get hospitalized and injured and whatnot, but they recover. Would they tend cross the road blindly again? I'm guessing not. Maybe the pain teaches them not to.

Whatever it is, I don't seem to have fully, properly learned not to cross the road blindly when it comes to my time-blindness. I always feel like I have time. I suppose the opposite situation might be to always assume I have no time, but that sounds like an equally miserable way to live. But as Randy Pausch said, you DO have less time than you think. So you DO have to prioritize what's important to you. It's important to me that I publish a vomit a day, so I'm doing this. (Well– this is my 3rd vomit tonight. But I'm going to bed right after this.)

Talking aout this over and over again is also not solving the problem. That's like me talking in the hospital, saying, aw damn, that's the 20th car I've been hit by this year. I really should stop getting hit by all these damn cars. Well... that's all nice and touching to be saying in the hospital, but how do I change my behavior when I'm thinking of crossing the road? I need to change my entire attitude towards the road. I can't just walk on it randomly the way I always do. It needs to be a project, an ordeal every time. And once I develop that over and over, eventually I'll internalize it. But before I can do that maybe I'll need say 100 instances of me crossing the road in a purposeful way.
I've been an adult for a couple of years now and it's sometimes funny and sometimes sad how the situation is. I definitely prefer it to being a child or a teenager, those things really sucked. I much prefer having my life in my own hands. What's funny is what I do with it. I woke up at 12 noon today and lay in bed for a full hour clicking around on my phone. Then I got out and I wandered around the house for a while, cleaned the cat poop and put away some dishes and threw away a dead lizard that the cats had killed, peed, etc, and decided I'd write a word vomit. And then I ended up on Tumblr for a while. Now it's almost two hours since I woke up and I haven't really done anything yet. Is that acceptable or is it not? In the grand scheme of things nothing matters, but the grand scheme of things is not actually all that useful.

I am in control of my life now, and I'm still sort of residually 'stuck' in my old ways. I don't want to say stuck– it's more like... when you're in one frame or context for a really long time and then you switch contexts, it feels like there are after-images burned in, there's something about the old context that still lingers and leaks, like some sort of ghost.

Yeah, so I think that's the frustrating thing. Being an adult but still carrying the child's way of thinking, way of prioritizing, way of seeing. "Way of thinking" might not be the right phrase to use. The lens. The habits. The impulses, the instincts. A lot of these are outdated and I'm still trying to unlearn them. Trying to do it very forcefully doesn't seem to help. Seems like mindfulness and meditation might be the way through. Just really sort of accepting that these are the old frames and these are the new frames, and these are the shadows and echoes that are reverberating.

Anyway, I wanted to write this to think about how I feel about how I spend my time.

I shouldn't be debilitatingly anxious or panicky because that doesn't get anything done, and is probably bad for my health.

I shouldn't be entirely indifferent because then that leads to suboptimal outcomes, and sooner or later I find myself in a shitty situation where I get debilitatingly anxious or panicky.

So I need to systematically anticipate these shitty situations and deal with them before they become issues. This is the adulting that I need to do. Why am I not doing it? Well I am doing it to some degree, but I'm writing this because I feel like I need to get better at it. Why do I feel like I need to get better at it? Why not just keep things as they are? Because it's been 2 years. This is what I've been waiting for my entire childhood, I think– the freedom to finally think and behave and act for myself, to do as I please, to be the master of my own destiny. If I am the master of my own destiny, what am I going to choose? What am I doing?

We can spend hours talking about the details of this, and that's not what I feel like I should be getting into in the context of this vomit. [1]

Ugh, feels like I'm falling into a script, like I'm thinking "I don't really care about this vomit, I just want to be done with it and go have lunch." But I don't want to do that. I mean, I do want to go for lunch. But I also want to at least cover something true.

I want to be a better adult. By that I mean I want to be better at taking care of myself, at parenting myself. Okay, what does that look like? What's the desired end-state that I should work backwards from? I find myself saying things like yeah, sleep early, do my work, blah blah. Nothing particularly inspiring. (2016 Visa: Getting your act together and being a high-functioning human being is inspiring.) I suppose it feels like I lost my light or I lost my inspiration after I got suckerpunched in the stomach by reality. And I'm writing these to claw my way back, to insist that I will not be broken and I will not cower in fear and big bad reality. Yeah, I'm going to die in the end but I'm going to put up a fight, put on a show worth celebrating, worth remembering.

So... what do I need to do to achieve that? Why am I not sleeping early, waking early? Well I sleep late always because of some sort of regret, I think. I always feel like I don't get enough done, and that I might be able to do more at the tail end of the day and make up for stuff. But that shouldn't be the case. I should do these vomits early rather than late, if possible. I should finish my work at work.

Still feels like I'm on script. If we get off script what do we get? I believe I will make it through this and grow into a strong, mature, clear-headed adult. What's stopping me? What are the problems that I need to solve? I lack discipline, I lack structure. What am I going to do to do that? Well, I've restarted working on my word vomits every day instead of whenever I feel like it, and I'm tracking that on my fridge. I've made a bet with a colleague about making sure I ship my work every day.

As for now, I'm going to publish this vomit and go have lunch with my wife, and I'll think about it a little longer and write more.

[1] I need to get better at the practice of focusing on the thing that I most think I should focus on, instead of flitting from thing to thing randomly. To do this, I need to schedule and practice sessions in which I practice focused attention. Meditation will definitely help. Mindful eating will definitely help.
I want to think about the strange thing that happens when I fixate on any particular group of people and allow them to become my representation of social reality. This first happens at home, when your family is all you really know. And you have the place you grew up in– for me it's Singapore. [1] Then there's the group of friends you grow up with in school– I remember when my classmates were my social reality, then some of my schoolmates who were into music. Then there was the local music scene, which I participated in as much as I could. And there are spaces like /r/Singapore on reddit, and Reddit and Imgur themselves, and Quora. All these spaces.

I'm thinking also of say, what it was like to have crushes on a few girls who were in my social circles. On hindsight, it was an unnecessary and narrow fixation– though maybe it's easier to say now that I'm older, have more perspective, and realize that there are far more people in the world than I can ever make sense of, let alone even know.

It's been interesting to walk away from groups. I went through a phase where I unfriended everybody on Facebook and Twitter, and then went silent for a while, and then I've been slowly sort of adding people back. And I don't really share as much as I used to anymore, I don't really talk as much anymore. And sometimes I catch myself having a conversation with an old group of friends and my mind jumps to the end of it– and I get bored midway, I realize that I'm just going through the motions and I want to do other things.

I suppose the point of THIS train of thought is to realize that there's a necessary transition I need to make between arbitrary, randomly chosen groups to deliberately chosen ones. I can't just be reacting and responding all the time. Maybe there was a time in the past where that made sense– and even that is kinda doubtful, I might just have been rationalizing my way through it.

The point is. If I don't choose who I want to be influenced by, I will have that choice made for me by random chance and other forces beyond my control. And I think I've reached the age where I realize I can do a better job than random chance.

So what does that mean? What does that look like? It means that I have to make deliberate decisions about who I want to listen to and who I want to spend time with. I find myself thinking from there that I should curate my Facebook and Twitter and Instagram feeds all over again, but that's unnecessarily tedious– and I suppose that's something I could be doing on commutes or other boring moments.

But the real thing that needs to happen is an attitude shift. Rather than trying to eliminate all the noise, I should boost the signal. I should reach out deliberately to the people I think I should be reaching out to. Well– who are they? Sometimes there are people I think I'm interested in but end up finding a little tedious. For a while I thought I wanted to get into the whole intellectual-epiphany crowd on Twitter and on blogs, but I find that rather exhausting. I've discovered Aaron Swartz a little too late (RIP).

But also– I keep wishing that I'm going to find somebody who's going to make some sort of huge impact on me. I have my colleagues who have made quite a big difference– why do I hope to have more people like that? Who should I be spending my time around? How long should I be spending time alone, avoiding everybody else? Who should I be seeking out? If I met Elon Musk tomorrow for dinner and had him all to myself, what could he possibly say to me that would make a difference? Nothing very much. What can anybody say to anybody to make a difference? Nothing! All you can do is just be present, be focused, pay attention, ask questions. And it's stupid to wait to meet somebody else to ask you questions when you can ask yourself those questions.

So I should preempt all the questions I think Benjamin Franklin and gang would ask me, if I mysteriously had them to myself. I mean that's the amazing thing about having access to all this information, right? Right now I'm thinking about Ray Dalio's principles. It's like a rational bible to making your life better. And there are so many sites– LessWrong has some good stuff. Quora has some good stuff.

Reading alone doesn't give you all the answers, for sure, but if you can find something that's relevant to the thing you're about to do– if somebody's done something that you're about to do, it makes sense to get information from them. But only so that you get closer to taking some good-enough action. So what should I be acting on? Right now I just want to publish a word vomit while my wife's in the shower, and then I want to shower too and head off to meet my parents. I'm going to give my mom a book to read on her flight, and maybe I'm going to read a book myself. And I have to think about what's next for work.

Scrolling back. I guess what is missing, really, is meditation and reflection. I keep thinking the answers are "out there" somewhere, but I'm not going to walk into them unless I'm deliberately "going for a walk". I need to do the reading and take the actions. And when I'm not thinking about it I'm hoping to do a ton of stuff all at once, but that's not sustainable. As I've learned from the word vomits, I should just do 1/day. Write one vomit a day. Do one piece of reading a day. Take one action a day.

[1] Singapore is a tiny place, but moving from the East to the North has definitely been quite unsettling for me.
I also recognize that I'm not "deeply satisfied" with who I am and where I am, and while I think a part of that solution requires meditative mindfulness and practicing gratitude and all that, another part of it is taking the right actions. And I don't take the right actions enough. And it's not like I don't know what the right actions are, is it? The actions are there, just that there's friction between knowing the action and taking the action. The flinch. So I need to practice taking actions, that's it. Like cleaning the fridge or vacuuming the aircon filters. Chores.

I know that if I stay where I am, there will be some conflict down the line where I get frustrated with myself. Earlier I talked about time-blindness– this mostly tends to apply on a minute-by-minute, hour-by-hour sort of perspective. If I take a longer view– 5 years or longer, I recognize that I will be frustrated. So I need to accelerate getting to the frustration point. I need to empathize with myself and feel the frustration now so I can do something about it.

There were many horrible times when I was in JC or NS or something and I hoped and hoped that someday something would recognize that I have value. To walk away from it because it's challenging would be tragic. If I did do that, if I did give up on all this, I would have to explain to myself why that is. And that would be a crappy thing to have to explain to myself. I would have to construct a very large and complicated ediface just to say "I was scared. I didn't believe in myself. I didn't think I could do it. I was afraid of failure. I was afraid of looking stupid."

And you know what, fuck it! It doesn't matter if I can't do it, I want to try anyway. It doesn't matter if I look stupid. So what if I look stupid? Why don't we get that out of the way and assume that everybody in the Universe thinks I'm stupid? There are many people who go through their lives quite happily despite being thought of as idiots. Why should that bother me? This is me holding on to a very outdated and obsolete way of measuring my own value. I should value myself for trying, not for being right. Fuck being right. Just be wrong in the right direction. Just collect data points. Just do things again and again.

If I'm honest about solving problems I'll stop describing the situation at some point and focus on the output that needs to happen.  Its hould e troubling when a description of a problem gets too elaborate. I need to internalize this. I can't just recognize it as correct, the way I used to recognize things as valid when I was in maths lectures. "Yeah, that makes sense" – but so what? I wasn't really doing anything about it!

I need to have a day-to-day chain going that I can point at and go "i can trust this". Describing the problem != solving the problem.
It's poisonous and dangerous when I sit around describing problems and I feel like I'm making some sort of progress. Block out / delete descriptions, present only evidence of progress or work done.

Describing a problem is useful only in a specific context– when it's *strictly* about making the problem more precise towards the end of finding a solution and making the solution more precise. If I'm hungry, I need to eat to stop being hungry, I need to figure out how and where to get food, and I need to eat.

If I'm hungry, then wonder what my brain chemistry is like when I'm hungry, then think about how to study or measure brain chemistry, then I'm not actually solving my hunger problem.

Alternatively, if I make the problem more precise than it needs to be– for example, thinking about what sort of shoes I ought to wear to optimize the walking I need to do to get to the sandwich shop where I'm going to be eating, and then how I ought to tie my laces. Thinking about those details is a distraction, and takes up time and resources. I might think about that stuff while I'm eating or after eating, but not before. The important thing to do when you need to eat... is eat.

I also need to very tightly constrain my definition of "outline problem + identify possible actions", becaus that's very vague and I'm addicted to just talking about problems all day instead of working towards specific solutions and executing those solutions.
I find myself wishing that I was significant to the planet. To the species. That I consult with the best, that I operate at a higher plane than I'm currently on. I feel like I'm destined for greatness– and I have to define that for it to make sense, so that it's not just some fancy wishful thinking that anybody can do, that we all do as a form of escapism to avoid our present circumstances. I want to confront my circumstances and take them down. I recognize that the world ahead of me is a challenge, a puzzle, and that I can and will grow and conquer it. I'll die eventually, but not before having conquered. Not before blazing a path of glory for others to follow and learn from. Not before I help millions of people. I want to smile, I want to wake up in the morning and feel significant. And I already am significant to some people, in some ways. The challenge is to attack those problems directly. To hit strong and hard, to lean into the pain.

I was re-watching a couple of videos of Aaron Swartz after rediscovering his writing. The man is dead, that's a tragedy. But his ideas and perspectives live on, and it's up to people like me to represent them to keep them alive. I believe there's a better way of being. I believe there's a better way of seeing. I believe there's a better way, and that the only way I can fight for it is to embody it, to represent it. I have to violently attack and discard the things that no longer help me. That no longer make sense. That no longer represent the ideals that I believe in. I need to pursue truth. I need to rip out all the broken bullshit that I've been carrying with me for so long. I need to stop feeling sorry for myself. I'm an adult now. I'm a man now. I'm in charge of my life, nobody else. I'm responsible for how I feel, nobody else. I'm responsible for what I choose to do, nobody else. Every moment is a precious opportunity begging to be seized. And I want to seize them all. I don't want to give up on myself anymore. I don't want to quit anymore because things were hard, because things were uncomfortable, because I was afraid of what people would think about me. Clearly it's much better to have shipped things than to be anxious in the harbor, wondering what if. Fuck it. Publish. Ship. If people think I'm dumb, I can apologize, I can respond, react, start over. I can add more. I can fill more. I have courage. I have conviction. I have faith that my current circumstances are not a jail. Like everything else in existence, they are only temporary. And I will get what I fight for. Reality will not take care of me. Reality does not give a shit. Reality simply is. The way for me to navigate it is to identify and understand the truths and the reality. The first rule is that you do not fool yourself, and you're the easiest person to fool.

Just because something feels good doesn't mean it's right. A lot of stupid things feel good. I'm short-sighted. I don't know much. I have a whole bunch of false beliefs and ideas. The only thing I can actually do is to seize the present moment. To focus in the moment about what needs to happen next. I'm thinking I should write a bunch of vomits right now. I can do maybe 3. Or I could do something else. Fuck it, I'm deciding that I'm going to write a few more vomits. I'm just going to blaze through. I have power. I have strength. I have abilities. I have been doing this for years now, I'm not a newbie. I'm not a rookie. I'm not a child. I am where I am, and this is temporary, and I already know what I need to do in order to get to the next step. To go to the next level. I can make myself proud. I can make my loved ones proud. And we can be far more than what we are now.

I can. I can. I can.

[1] And I know that my to-do list will still be overflowing when I'm on my deathbed. That's fine. That's a part of it. But I'd like to have done some of the good stuff before that. I'd like to do all the good stuff now. I should've run at some point over the past couple of days. I haven't. That's fine. I'm just going to write in a blaze of glory and then I'm going to shower and go to bed, and wake up fresh and clear. That's the plan. And I think my body will listen to me. I feel like my body is ready to listen to me today. That's a privilege and and honour, and I'm going to honour it with this writing.
I wanna change, right? Yes. I don't want to be who I was. I'm tired of being who I was. That was a really limited life. That was a really cheesy, elaborate, anxious, silly version of me. That was my naive, nervous, broken self. That's fine. I want to be better. I want to be wiser. I want to be bigger. I want to be stronger. I want to be clearer. I want to be able to navigate reality with strength and power. Physical strength for one, psychological and emotional strength on top of that. The power and ability to focus my mind like a fucking laser. Nobody is stopping me, only me. I'm carrying all this inherited bullshit in my mind because it never fully, properly occurred to me that I can toss it all off my back. Tomorrow when I wake up in the morning, it's going to all come back. The same bullshit is going to replay in my mind again, that I'm not worthy yet, that I'm not powerful enough yet, that I'm not aware enough yet, that I'm not smart enough yet. All of that is crap.

I'm not going to be who I was anymore. I have made some small progresses here and there, and all of those little progresses were just little tests, little rehearsals for the big one, which is now. I'm an adult. I'm a human being. I'm alive. I'm awake. Reality is in front of my face and I'm going to confront it. Fuck social media. Fuck that thing where I wake up every morning and check my phone because I wonder what's other people are thinking. It doesn't matter what other people are thinking. What am I going to do when I wake up first thing in the morning? I'm going to read one of the many books that I've picked out for myself. I'm going to delete the stupid game from my phone that I've been playing for the past week or so. Fuck it. Nothing good comes out of it. It's distraction. If I need to distract myself for a few moments, I'm going to meditate. Sit and pay attention to my breathing. Pay attention to the patterns I'm repeating.

I'm going to become a novelist. I'm going to become a writer of significance. I'm going to make a lot of what people read everyday look like really stupid shit, because it is. I'm going to write things that open people's minds, that make people go "Huh, I never thought of that, that's so true, wow."  This is my decade. This is my peak existence. The world is my oyster right now, and it won't always be. I will write short stories. I will write essays. I will write whatever the fuck it takes to light up my own life, and other people will find that useful too.

I'm going to struggle. I'm not going to lie down any more. I'm not going to be limp any more. There are 7.2 billion people in the world. 7,200,000,000. If 7,000,000,000 of them are full of shit, there's still 200,000,000 people that I can reach out to, that I can help out, that I can become a part of, that I can grow with, learn with.

I'm going to burst free from my circumstances. I'm going to break through. I'm going to tear apart the nonsense that I've been sleeping in. When I wake up in the morning I'm going to read something good. I'm going to write something shortly afterwards. I'm going to meditate and reset my mind. I'm going to repeat my mantra. I can. I can. I'm made for it. I'm designed for it. I'm born for it. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep learning on my commute, and then I'm going to put together a plan for my work and then I'm going to fucking execute it. I will be a force of nature like nothing else I have personally ever witnessed. I'm going to make the people around me go, "Whoa, what the fuck was that?"

And I'm not going to care about that, either. It's just an indicator. I won't sit around talking to people about it. I won't get distracted. I'm tired of being distracted. I'm just going to focus. I'm just going to get rid of all the fucking distractions. My mind has been craving for focus. My mind has been craving to be taken to a higher level and I'm the one that's responsible for it. And so I'm going to discard all the old shit. I'm going to throw shit out of the window. I'm starting over. It's me versus me, and I'm going to win. It's me versus my bullshit, and I'm going to win. It's me versus my ignorance and my outdated little fears and worries and anxieties, and I'm going to win. I've already won, it's just putting in the daily work now to pull that reality towards me.
I don't know how to swim and I've been afraid to admit it. Once I'm done with my running and I finish my run test, I'm going to be hitting the weights. I'm going to be going to the pool and I'm going to figure out how to swim. I've always been afraid of the kitchen and of food preparation. But I can prepare eggs now. I can cook chicken now. I'm going to cook more things. I'm going to wake up early every day. Why am I afraid to confront each day? Because I think that it's going to be painful? It doesn't make sense. I didn't think it through. I didn't give it much real thought. I didn't use the light of my consciousness to attack the problem. Because when I put the light in there I realize that it's bullshit. I realize that it's all imaginary. Once I get rid of all that imaginary shit, it's just me versus reality. And reality is hard and painful but it isn't nearly as scary as I've been making it out to be. I can get knocked down I can get knocked out. I can rip my skin up. I can get injured– and even those injuries are preventable and avoidable, so the fear of injury is misguided. It's far worse to be weak. It's far worse to be powerless. And I'm going to become powerful. I already am powerful, I just need to realize it.

My emotional state is mine to control. Mine to regulate. Mine to move around. Mind to play with. It's my playground. I have to stop pretending that life is somehow beyond me. That I'm not ready for life. I am. I'm here right now. Come at me, bro. I know that it can get a lot worse, but I doubt it's going to happen anytime soon. You might hit me with cancer or a car accident or something horrible like that, but those are not the things that I'm afraid of, am I? Those aren't even things on my radar. What am I afraid of, then? Why am I not bigger already? Why am I not stronger already? Because I worry about how I'd look? Because I worry about what I sound like? I deserve more than this. I can wake up happy and excited every day. I just need to do the work. I just need to prepare for it. If I know that I've given it my all, then I don't have anything to worry about. I can prepare for all the possible outcomes. It's much more fun and interesting that worrying about what the fuck everybody else is doing– who gives a shit? Why do I give a shit? It's distractions! It's worry! It's an illusion. It's not real. I have to remind myself of this every single day. I have powers and talents within me that I haven't even begun to reach for yet, and this is me reaching. This is me believing.

What was I afraid of? What am I afraid of? The greater fear is that I will spend one single day in fear and weakness. That I will spend one day hesitating. That I will spend one day not giving it my best. And I have already done enough of that. I've gotten a lifetime's supply of "What if?" and "I'm not good enough." It doesn't matter. I can move forward with what I have, now. I can do more, now. I can realize my dreams, now. I can prove to myself that I am capable of more. It's okay to look stupid. Let's do stupid. Let's look as stupid as possible. Let's screw up. Let's make a bunch of mistakes. Let's go. Let's fuck shit up. Let's get ourselves embarrassed. Let's feel silly. Let's feel stupid. Let's do all of those things. We are ready and able to do beautiful things, so let's just do them!

The doubt is a lie. The fear is a lie. It's imaginary. It's constructed. It's arbitrary. Let's deconstruct it. Let's tear it apart. Let's destroy it. All of this is like graffiti on a bunch of old boards. We don't need to address them one by one. We can just rip them apart and tear them apart. What do I want to be remembered for? I want to be remembered as a grinder. As a machine. As ap erson who fought like crazy. Who did not give up, did not give in. Life is a lot more interesting that way. We've spent time and energy trying to have a good experience in video games. Good experiences being entertained. Well, there's no higher entertainment than a good life.

I have dreams. I have goals. And I'm almost embarrassed or ashamed to I let those things fade. I still have these fucking dreams. They still matter. I still want to be a published author. I still want to write. I still want to make a difference to somebody. I still want to tell the truth. I still want to find something worth saying. I will be hungry. I will take it. I will take it all. I am relentless.

Fuck fear.
Yesterday when me and my wife were at the airport sending my parents off, I had a brain wave at some point– I can't remember what triggered it exactly– but I turned to her and said, we really gotta start waking up early. As in, not just keep talking about it, but actually wake up early. Like, set an alarm at a fixed time and both get our asses out of bed together. And she agreed. It's something we've both been talking about sorta doing for the longest time, and so we finally did it. We woke up at 6am today. She went for a run almost immediately. I decided that I wanted to do a word vomit and instead spent over an hour procrastinating on the Internet. A little silly, my bad. But I don't want to beat myself up over it. The point was that I wanted to wake up early. I'm going to finish this vomit then I'm going to head out for a run of my own.

The interesting thing to note is how different my mood is. I'm working on firing myself up now, but yesterday night I was super wired and driven, and this morning when I woke up I still had some of that residual stuff but most of it isn't quite there. And this is the reality of the situation, of the life that I inhabit. And I have to learn to cope with this. Ok the sun is coming up, I'm just going to go and run first and finish up this vomit later. The point I wanted to make was... there's this constant 'handshake' going on, this passing over of emotional state from person to person within me.

Back from my run! It's always a bit of a struggle. My shins still hurt. I spend a bunch of time getting distracted again, it's now 10am. Well, I woke at 6am. Lingered until... 730. Went for my run, got back and it was about 815 or so. I'm not very functional after my run– very sweaty, heart rate very elevated.

Okay, now I'm at work and so I'm just going to go really fast through this vomit, finish it and publish it. [1]

Intent: I want to quickly sketch out the range of emotions and states I've experienced from yesterday. So– I visitedmy family at the airport, went home, read a book on the bus, felt motivated, dashed off a bunch of 'high emotional energy' vomits, went to bed with a strong intent of waking early. Then I woke early today, and I was intent on writing vomits and going for a run. I wasn't super specific about how many vomits I wanted to write– I was hoping to write a few. But I barely got started, while I languished in distraction. This is a normal thing, especially when I've just awoken. I don't have very much agency when I've just awoken. On hindsight, I probably shouldn't have bothered with the vomit. I should've gone for my run. Or if I did want to do a vomit, I should ritualize it better. Maybe I should make a cup of tea and write without the wifi on– this is definitely something that's doable when I'm writing in the early morning. Don't need no internet then.

I sort of lazed around a little more. A part of me felt like I deserved it, because I successfully woke up early. That's a new thing, that's a good thing. I think I felt like that was my reward. Which is understandable, but probably not a good idea in the long run. I need to find some alternative reward. Maybe I should read a book instead. Random Interneting in the morning is always a bad idea. I think. When is it appropriate to random-Internet? Earlier I was thinking that I already know everything I need to know. But part of that is– I know a bunch of movies that I should watch and books I should read. And I find myself wanting to do research about those movies and books. Fine. Why was I on reddit and imgur, then? No excuses there. Reddit occasionally has gems but for the most part it's a sort of common town square. And I'm not interested in common stuff. Well no, that's not true. Common stuff is interesting. Robin Dunbar pointed out that language, gossip, and "common stuff" is the social currency that's critical to our functioning as a social species. So there will always be an impulse to indulge in common stuff. There's nothing bad or shameful about that.

What matters is having priorities. Knowing what comes first. Rather than try to figure out "what time of the day is it appropriate to let loose", I shoudl figure out "how do I make sure that I fulfill my obligations every day"– and having done that, THEN I can let loose without any guilt, and without having to construct this sort of elaborate artiface where I have to figure out what is acceptable and what is not. Because you know damn well goddamnit that the elaborate artiface is actually a farce– it's like getting drunk so you can pretend you weren't responsible for what you did. The elaborate artiface is built when sober, and disregarded when tired, exhausted, out of willpower, facing something difficult or annoying.

So yeah. I can simplify my life. I can throw out the artiface. All I need to do is figure out what my obligations are, and what I need to do to fulfill them. And then do them, of course– that's the most important part. But it's a far simpler mode of operating, I need to acknowledge that. It'll let me get more done with less annoyance and stress. It's cleaner.

And I'm tired of the old complexity, it tires me more than my clunky old writing. So let's get to work.

[1] Here I realize I was going to say, "What I wanted to do with this vomit is this". I realize that that's going to be a common thing throughout these vomits, and it'll be rather annoying over time. It'll be a waste of words. So for brevity, moving forward I'll instead use the phrase Intent.
TLDR:

I want to minimize unnecessary fear, uncertainty and doubt
I want to never feel sorry for myself
I want the freedom to be spontaneous
I want people to feel safe around me; that with me they can be themselves
I want to work on interesting problems (follow my curiosity)

I've been reading Ray Dalio's Principles and I've been finding them to be quite therapeutic. I'm not sure why. I guess it's just knowing that it's written by a person who I can respect and admire, and it's written not to be performative but as a manual for others to succeed as well. It's rigorous, clear, systematic.

Let me quickly try to recite it as much as I can from memory. It starts with values. What do I care about, what do I really, really want? Because if I don't know what I really want, and I don't make that clear, then when I'm confronted with difficult decisions I'm going to pick the easy way out. I mean, who really wants to wake up early in the morning when they didn't get to sleep early? Who wants to drag themselves out to put themselves through a gruelling workout if their body hasn't yet gotten conditioned to get pleasure out of the process?

And yet I know it's really easy to just verbalize a bunch of things and call them values. Everybody values a whole bunch of things, don't they? Or we claim to. I was turned off by this in school, and in the military, when there were a whole bunch of "core values". Leadership, responsibility, honesty, integrity, all of those grand sounding lofty words that end up seeming like vague placeholders. I think that's a shame, on hindsight. Values should be precious, they should be respected and fought for. And an individual who's looking to develop values should start with something that's honest and true, and something that she truly, truly believes in.

And that's hard. It's especially hard to decide to prioritize something over everything else. When push comes to shove I'm not sure what I value. If you put a gun to my head I think I might say something like, honestly, I value feeling safe and comfortable. If I look at my own history and past, that's what I like... but doesn't everybody? The thing is we live in a messy, complicated and difficult reality. A cruel reality that doesn't owe us anything. So it's difficult if not impossible to preserve a safe space for ourselves while remaining in that safe space. Safe spaces are created by fighting to enforce boundaries, to have a powerful membrane that keeps out the bad stuff and lets in the good. I value having a home that I feel at home in. And yet I haven't gotten around to fully customizing it to suit my needs and interests. So do I really value it, or do I not? [1]

I suppose... given the harrowing, frustrating experiences I've had over the past few years, and the years before that, I want to say that I would really value the freedom to escape from it all. And I don't mean by sticking my head in the ground and pretending it goes away– I've tried that, and that's never been a sustainable solution. No, I want to escape my fears and anxieties by confronting them head on and destroying them.

So I guess I must value confrontation. I must value learning and growth. I say must not to mean "I am obligated to", but to mean "it is clear to me that to live a happy life I have no other choice, and the alternatives are becoming increasingly undesirable to me". I no longer want to ever languish in doubt and uncertainty. I don't ever want to feel sorry for myself again. I imagine I might, but I want that to be contained and effectively managed. I want to create for myself a stable foundation so that I can be violent and creative in my art, in my writing, in my expression.

I want to earn the freedom to be spontaneous. And the spontaneity I've been experiencing so far has been somewhat hollow and false. I've been playing in the dark playground. What I really want is to experience flow and to feel like I've earned my keep, like I've earned the right to do whatever it is that I feel like impulsively doing. But even before that I want to temper and steel myself so that when I do have impulses that rise to my attention, these impulses are pre-selected by my subconscious to be in service of things that I care about.

I don't want to impulsively be harsh or negative towards people. I want to be kind and loving and gentle and compassionate. I want people to feel safe and comfortable around me, that with me they can be themselves. Yes, I think that is what I really, really want. I want people to be able to be truly honest with me.

And I want to work on interesting problems. Am I suggesting that the problems I have in front of me right now are not interesting? That's not true. Anything is interesting if you examine it closely enough. So my problem is that I have been evaluating the problems in front of me with my stomach, with my amygdala maybe. I associate it with pain and discomfort. It churns my stomach, makes me feel uncomfortable, and it's easier to avoid it. What I need to do is to enlist my head, my prefrontal cortex [2] and bring the problem into full awareness. Under the light of conscious attention, the fog of war WILL dissipate and I will be able to unscramble my problems and solve the puzzles. And then it'll feel good. It'll be like being able to do calculus or trigonometry, after first being unable to. And that will be some great progress.

I value growth. I value progress. I value being a bigger man today than I was yesterday– not just because of all the perks, but because it gives me the freedom and opportunity to help and support others. And because it plain feels good. The good feelings I've had so far are minute, stolen. It can be better than this.

And I value the idea of being able to keep to my word. I'm still not on the ball 100% of the time, but I think I'm getting better.

[1] When I'm down, I'd be inclined to say, well, I guess I don't value anything at all. I'm not down right now, so I think I can say... I do value the things that I repeatedly say that I value. I just haven't learned to properly fight for them yet. I haven't learned to do them justice. But I intend to. Of course, as usual, talk is cheap. But me writing these vomits is one of the things that I'm committing to. This is the 8th day in a row that I'm writing and publishing a word vomit, and I want to do 49 days in a row to prove to myself that I can do it.

[2] All of this is psuedoscience, I know, but it sorta works for me and I'm not pretending to be any kind of expert here. I'm just saying what I need to say to keep myself going.
TLDR:

Wake up early every day (so sleep early too)
Review work daily (with accountability partner)

So what's my plan?

I value...

growth
progress
triumph over adversity
Confronting my fears and making them my bitch, and being better and stronger because of it

Alright. So what am I going to do to express those values? What is the plan of action?

1. Wake up early every morning. I've woken up at 6am the past 2 days. This by itself isn't very remarkable, as it's a habit that can slip at any time. But I'm making an extra effort not to let it slip. I've gotten my wife onboard on this, so we both wake up at 6am together. We set multiple alarms– both our phones, as well as her computer. There's a cacophony of alarms at 6am in the morning. We're going to do this for 49 days, including the weekend. The past couple of nights we actually slept pretty late, out of habit or self-sabotage or something. But we've been determined to stick to waking up, and so we did. The day before yesterday I went for a run after waking up.

Today I didn't do very much when I woke– I was really groggy, but I got out of bed anyway and lay on the sofa for a while. I did leave for work earlier than I usually do. But I'm not going to be too harsh on myself for that. The plan is to make the habit of waking early stick. If there are some withdrawal symptoms or initial inefficiencies, I'll bear with them. I know from long experience that whenever I wake up early, naturally and well rested, I feel really, really good. I make better decisions. I have space to plan out my day, to do things better. So I'm going to keep setting these alarms. We're tracking our streak on a calendar taped to the wall, so it stares at us every morning when we wake up.

2. Beyond that, I'm also committing to voluntarily sending my boss a daily email update of what I've done. The idea is similar– it's to create a structure that I need and want to commit to, so that things get done regularly. And it's a really small quick update anyway. The process of doing it clarifies my thoughts about what I'm doing, and the PROSPECT of doing it makes me want to make sure that I have something worth reporting. So as a result I tend to subconciously pick my tasks better (as opposed to what I often used to do when I wasn't accountable to anybody– I'd pick vague, open-ended tasks and spend the entire day exploring things without getting anything done).

In a sense, everything I'm trying to do is really just trying to unlearn the habit I have of spending large chunks of time doing random, undefined things. I suppose if I were really wealthy or something, I might be able to afford living that sort of life. But even then, I do it beyond my own inclinations. When I'm exploring, it's not exactly mindful, conscientious exploring. And it doesn't have as much flow as I wish it did– I don't always feel flow doing this weird random open-ended wandering. I guess because flow needs some constraints. You need to be working within some boundaries, some restrictions before you can truly experience flow.

I spend too much time completely unbounded, thinking that it's freeing or liberating somehow, but it's really not. So that needs to change, for my own happiness's sake, for my own growth and my own learning. It's much more satisfying to leave the office having done 3 simple tasks than it is to have spend the day contemplating and exploring without getting anything substantial done.

So this experience is what I want to recreate day after day.

I want to leave work everyday feeling satisfied. I want to publish a word vomit before I go to bed, that leaves me satisfied too. And I want to wake early, and go for a run, and eat healthy, and all of these things are little baby steps in the direction of progress and growth. They free up more cognitive capacity. When I fulfill my obligations, they get out of my head and free up more space for play.

It's very difficult to truly enjoy play when you know that you owe people things. It has to be a very escapist sort of play– you have to sorta drug yourself, distract yourself, zone out. And that's only pleasant in the sense that the pain and fear and anguish is momentarily gone, hidden just out of sight. It's like the pleasure you get when you take off your really tight shoes for a minute, before you put them back on again. And that is not a sustainable way to live. That is a really sad, unpleasant way to live.

And I don't want to hate on myself for that. I don't want to be cruel or unkind to myself for that. It's unnecessary, and it's also distracting. The real question is, what's the desired end state? And what's my plan of action to get to that desired end state? And what problems will I encounter along the way, and how do I visualize myself dealing with those problems, to make sure they don't happen again? And then what steps do I need to take to make sure that goes according to plan? And when I'm done with that, what's the next desired end state? This is a new language for me, but I intend to be fluent in it.

When I'm done with this, I'm going to hit publish. Then I'm going to hand the laptop to my wife, and I'm going to go ink in the two crosses for the two vomits I'd have published. Then I'm going to scratch out the day, the 8th day in a row that I've done a word vomit. (It's also the 7th workday in a row that I emailed my boss as I had planned.) And then I'm going to go to bed, relaxed because I know I've pretty much done my best– or at least I've done better than I've done so far, and tomorrow I will wake up at 6am, cross out the " woke at 6am" box for the 3rd day running, and smile because I'm making progress.
It's my third day waking up early. I got more sleep last night than I did the previous two nights, so I'm more awake and alert than I've been the past couple of days. I took a cold shower and I sat around for a while, sort of semi-meditatively. I had planned on going for a run in the morning, but my shins are still really sore so I think I'll do that tomorrow evening instead.

I met an acquaintance for dinner yesterday– we talked about our lives over McDonald's. I enjoyed it. I should meet more of such people on a regular basis. I enjoy eating lunch with my colleagues every day– it can be a slightly different mix of people each time, and there's usually some good conversation to be had. There's no reason why I can't do the same for dinner on a more regular basis. I spent most of 2014 in isolation, maybe hoping that being separate from the world would give me a clearer sense of who I am and what I want. And to be fair I think that did happen. [1] And one of the things I learned is that I wanted quality interactions with good people. Facebook was a sort of fast-food version of what I really wanted. (TLDR: I like meeting people.)

Uh, so what's next? Yesterday I wrote about how it's hard to truly have fun when I know I have unfulfilled obligations waiting for me. So the next most important thing I need to work on– and this is stating the obvious, again [2], is how to attack my obligations and break them down into little chunks and get them done one by one. This is extra hard compared to learning a difficult song on the guitar, because my emotions are tied up into it. Ugh fields come into play.

But yeah. So I'm going to publish this vomit, go to work, and just do what I'm supposed to do. I realize that I still spend a lot of time drifting between work tasks. But even that's not the problem. The problem is not that I drift. Drifting is the symptom, that I'm not focused on the hard thing. I need to prioritize doing the hard thing. I should write down what the hard thing is, why it's hard, and then do that. So I'll do that.

[1] I think I had some growing pains, some withdrawal from all the social media and all the performance. For a while I unfollowed everybody on Facebook, and I'd block FB and Reddit from my browser. After a long break I found myself longing for some quality human contact– I would occasionally get some of it on Facebook from time to time, usually over private messages with friends. So I figured that I could 'eat the flesh and spit the bones'– I added back my favorite people, people who I'd be happy and eager to have dinner with. I made it a point to stop writing indulgent status updates. I think I'm doing okay on that front.

[2] Repetition is important in learning. I was thinking about how, when I was in school, I used to pay attention in lectures just long enough for me to nod my head and go "Yeah, that makes sense, I get it," and then drift off. The problem is, later on when I got the homework, it wouldn't make sense any more. And I'd think, "Well, it made sense to me at some point, so it should make sense to me again, I just need to do the reading real quick– so we'll do that later." And what would happen is, the amount of necessary readings would accumulate, and I would keep writing them off thinking it'll just take a few minutes. And the minutes would snowball into hours, into days, into massive unmanageable chunks.

And even if I COULD theoretically do all the reading at once, which is a physical impossibility (and doubly so for me than for someone who's well-practiced in doing that reading), it wouldn't stick.

I've definitely experienced this with learning songs on the guitar. I remember far fewer songs than I've learned or played. There are a bunch of videos of me playing songs on the guitar that I no longer remember how to play. Some of these songs I can figure out again with a little bit of trial-and-error (and the cool thing is, as I get better as a musician– which isn't even something I'm actively working on– I make fewer errors, my attempts get closer to what is accurate without me doing anything special).

So I have to repeat myself over and over again, because each time I do it I'm (psuedoscience alert) lighting up some neural paths in my brain that would wither away if I don't practice them. It's like doing my homework, and doing my revision. I know this. There are songs I can play without having to think about it at all, simply because I practiced it so much it became a part of my muscle memory. And there are songs that I have to fiddle around with a little before I can play them again. And there are songs that I have completely forgotten how to play, and have to relearn from scratch.

So... instead of saying "I need to remember"– which is dumb, because I tend to forget things, and I forget things more than most people, until it's too late and there's some sort of terrible consequence that jolts it into relevance (and then my lizard brain associates that with discomfort and pain and distress, and so it probably further wipes it from my regular memory... or something like that.)

So. I need to schedule revisions. I need to revise every day. I need to revise my daily revisions every week. And I need to revise my weekly revisions every month. I need to do this more than other people might, because other people either have a better natural inclination for it, or more practice from childhood. Whatever the case, it's a limiting factor for me. Without a habit of regular, disciplined review, I again lapse into this general-wilderness-wandering lifestyle that does not serve me well.

That sort of rings a bell for me. It might be triggered by me realizing that if I had done 1 vomit / day, I would actually be over 90% done with this project now, instead of 38.5% in. So me publishing at least 1 vomit a day moving forward is actually going to be critical to my progress– because it's a foothold, it's something that I really want to do, am reasonably good at, have practiced doing, can keep doing, and want to keep doing. So I'll publish a vomit everyday. This will be my cornerstone habit, along with waking up at 6am, and sending my boss an email before I leave work each day. The additional thing I need to work in is my personal review, which I may write about in these vomits (if it's stuff I'm comfortable making potentially-public) and stuff in my notebook (which I have been writing in somewhat intermittently).

Okay we're done here. To get a little meta, this whole post is worth revisiting, rethinking, rewriting. I'll throw in some visual cues for reminders:

Damn I'm tired. Physically tired. But this is to be expected– it's only my third day in a row waking up at 6am, and I didn't get as much sleep as I wish I did. I'm going to work from home tomorrow– I'm still going to wake up early, but I'm going to take some naps throughout the day probably. But I intend to keep waking up at 6am every day.

It's interesting to see how different I am when I'm tired. It's totally a different state of consciousness. I forget a lot of things. And I can't make good decisions. I sort of just default to this "Ignore everything, just go home," sort of state. I have 900 more words to go and I no idea what I'm going to talk about. This is a challenge. So what does my mind default to when I'm this tired? Uhh. I guess I start describing my surroundings. I have a potted plant on my kitchen windowsill. My cats are sitting outside my bedroom door (my wife's inside, and they probably want to be let in). I've started keping track of my stuff on calendars that we printed out with our new printer. Yeah, I finally got a printer. I've always sorta wanted to have one, but it never felt like a pressing need. It felt like an indulgence. But I figured, hey, if I'm going to be a writer, I'm going to want to print stuff out and read it on paper. It's just a different experience, isn't it? A part of me sincerely wants to print out every single word vomit I've written. And just hold it in my hands. It'll just be this really tactile, concrete evidence of the work I've been putting into this, however silly or arbitrary or inconsequential. And also I've just always liked the idea of being able to externalize cognition, yet I've always done very little about it. It's just one of those ideas I've held on to for a long, long time. I'm particularly in love with Brett Victor's ideas about interactive spaces. About thinking with our hands, with our bodies. Laptops with Internet connections give us superpowers, but they also have us all hunched up, moving our fingers. I suppose a standing desk might be better. I have that option at work but I hardly use it. Why? I don't know. Habit? Do I feel silly? It seems like I have some strange friction or blockage or inertia that keeps me from trying the things I know I should try. I want to get better at drawing little sketches and doing sketchy note-taking. So I should plan in advance and set aside some time to do this, maybe over the weekends.

Well, at least I'm writing about it now. I'll want to review/reference this. Let me add it to my Workflowy... okay, done. And then I got distracted for a minute or two, but I'm back here because I really want to finish this and publish it and to go bed. Why am I writing this so late, anyway? I left work a little later than usual but not THAT late. I must have been drifting off after I got home. Oh yeah, I really took my time to have my dinner (a subway sandwich that the wife had bought and didn't finish). I suppose all of this is just even more incentive and proof that I need to get myself quality sleep. I'm feeling as sleepy now as I usually do when I stay up until say, 5 or 6am in the morning (when usually going to bed at say, 230am).

How's everything else? Well, it's alright. I'm not sure if I mentioned this but I've discovered that it's quite possible to read many books at once if/when I read all these books in different contexts. So I keep a book in my toilet (I have a pretty high shelf where I keep it, so it's dry and stuff– I finished Tolle's Power of Now, Strauss's The Game and Wozniak's autobiography all entirely during toilet time, lol), I have a couple of books in the living room (I seldom if ever get around to reading these... but it does feel like they're "getting warmer"– the big one that I really want to have read is Levinson's The Box), I have a couple of books in the bedroom– I believe right now I'm reading Stupid White Men by Michael Moore, who has a very quirky, witty style. And I have Games People Play in my sling bag which I used to bring to work everyday. (I'm experimenting with a habit of leaving my laptop at work as much as possible, which does make for a delightful, unencumbered trip home. I suppose I could bring my bag with a book even if I don't bring the laptop. Hmm. I'll try that next week.) I'm kind of curious about Stendhal's Confessions of an English Opium Eater. And also I feel like I'd like to sample the Faulkner, Hemingway and Steinbeck that I have but haven't touched. I'm just raving randomly now.

My current toilet read is "Conversations with Remarkable People" by Osho. It's really cheesy. It's amusing to think anybody might take it "seriously". I feel like the only real way to take spirituality seriously is to embrace it with a sense of humor. If you can't laugh heartily at how silly and absurd everything is, the way a child does, then you're kinda trapped, aren't you? I suppose some people like the idea of being trapped– it's a sort of sacrifice, a purity ritual, or a penance of some sort. I am unworthy, I am imperfect, I must suffer and be punished, and through this suffering and punishment I experience some sort of significance. That sounds crazy intellectually, but I have a feeling that a non-trivial part of me actually is hooked on that game, or some remix or variant of that game. Yeah, I guess if I should finish any particular book that I'm halfway through, it might be games people play. But really, this whole vomit is just me trying to small-talk my way to the end. Get me out of here. I'll look back on this and think "jesus, go to sleep you stupid idiot!"

or maybe I'll be kinder to myself by then. In any case. We're done. I can write words to fill out a page. It's a thing I can do. Goodnight!

I fell sick again. I fell pretty hard, too. It coincided with me pretty much overtraining for my fitness tests, and my arms were so sore yesterday and the day before that I had to ask my wife to help me towel off after I showered, and to dry my hair, and to put on my t-shirt. Which was pretty embarassing. I lost my appetite completely, and subsisted entirely on 100 plus and packets of milo. I lay in bed for hours tossing and turning. It's been really nasty. I feel like I'm past the worst of it, but I can't be too careful with this.

So already I've fallen off the wagon of doing at least one word vomit a day. I didn't get any work done on Friday, though I managed to send my daily update email as promised, somehow, through the delirium. Thankfully I had planned to finish my week's work by Thursday, so all that didn't get done was "extra" stuff.

I'm re-reading a bunch of old vomits and juxtaposing that against some chats with a friend who seems to be going through what I went through. And I was saying things like, "All that's holding me back is a lack of discipline, structure, routine."

And you know, those things are valid, but not necessarily the right lens through which to view things, within the context of "I want to fix things and get better." It's possible to say valid-things all day and yet not go anywhere. (See again: "I didn't do well because I didn't study.") I realized this mainly when I was listening to my friend repeat those things to me (via IM) with a sort of deadness in his tone and a general sort of "I-don't-really-know, I'm-just-saying-what-I-think-I'm-supposed-to-say". And I realize... you do need to have something that you're working TOWARDS. The discipline, structure and routine do not exist because they do not have a compelling enough reason to exist.

So what do I want? I must've written about a dozen "what I want" posts by now, some of them written in moments of passionate earnest, others written in sort of depressed, dejected frustration. Well. In this case I think repetition is key. I want to destroy the old me that was pained, frustrated, anxious, weary. I no longer want to even bother trying to "do justice" to him. The old-me was haphazardly, randomly constructed, a mess of inherited neuroses and all sorts of annoying issues. I realize that I use Trello for work quite regularly, and so I've created a personal Trello board for myself where I list out all the things that I know to be true. I list out a bunch of things that I hate. I hate being sick. I hate being weak. I hate being unreliable. I hate being wasteful. I hate being unfair and unkind– to others and myself. I hate being unfocused. I hate being unprepared. I hate feeling like I've reached some sort of peak or plateau, that I'm done learning most of what I'm ever going to learn. That's bullshit. I've definitely learned less than 20% of everything I'm ever going to learn. In fact, considering the world we live in, I've probably learned less than 5% of everything I'm ever going to learn. Probably 1% of everything I could possibly learn.

And the thing is, all sorts of book knowledge right now doesn't help me go anywhere. I asked a few friends to school me about the Greek situation, just so I have a semi-informed POV. But I have no interest in developed a much more accurate POV because there's nothing I can do about it. I'm not going to save Greece. Hell, over the past year it feels like I can barely save myself. I need saving. And I need to save myself, because nobody else is going to do it for me.

What is this saving...? I feel like I might have written recently (or thought about writing) about the idea that "someday my prince will surely come". Someday my life will work out beautifully. I still do believe that, fundamentally. I believe it because there are too many times where I find myself thinking that I'm perceiving something other people aren't. But these perceptions are currently a source of distraction and misery. They're worthless as long as I can't do anything about them. And my ability to do things is a whole other animal. My ability to execute.

It feels like I fell sick, as I often do, because of bad management. I am a terrible CEO of Visakan, Inc. I spend most of the time waffling off avoiding anything of importance because I'm afraid of smearing my 'perfect' perceptions and ideals and imagination with imperfect words and deeds and doings. But hey, fuck it. Imperfect is the only way forward. I'm sure I've written that before, but I'll write it again as many times as I have to so that this stuff really gets ingrained into my mind and the way my brain works. I didn't do word vomits for a few days while I was sick. So be it. I'm coming right back, and I'll be better and stronger because of it. There is no turning back. I want to grow up. I want to be an adult. I don't want to have to explain to people why I couldn't do something or why I failed. I never want to do that ever again. I want to instead be explaining the actions I've taken, and the plans I have for further actions to be taken. If I'm 1% as great as my subconscious thinks I am, we'll be achieving amazing things. The thing is that my action muscle is maybe 1% as strong as it needs to be. But that's no matter. That's just a matter of training, discipline, structure, routine, habit. And all I need for that is to do something again and again, every day, and then to add things to it. To add reflections. To add plans. I have my daily vomits. I fell down but I am back up. I will work hard and I will keep going. For a future that is full of difficult challenges. That will be the pleasurable sort of pain, like the warm soreness you get when you've been working out for a while– not the horrific ache of helplessness.

That's what I want. I want to be strong. I want to be able to cut through the bullshit that life throws at me with sharp cuts. And when I'm done with my personal obligations– and I WILL get on top of them– I will help others do the same. And in the spaces we carve out for ourselves, we will rest peacefully, under the protection of each other's watchful eyes.
At some point in my life I wanted to be a published writer of some sort. As a child I think I might've thought that I would've wanted to write books, like Enid Blyton or Philip Pullman or Susan Cooper. At some point I got fascinated with Egypt and Space and Volcanoes and Earthquakes and all those sort of cool things, and I thought maybe I might become some sort of scientist or science writer, perhaps like Carl Zimmer or Lewis Thomas. Then I discovered magazines, and I thought I'd like to be a magazine writer, like maybe Tom Chiarella from Esquire. I discovered the Internet at some point, and thought I might like to be a blogger or journalist of some kind. I've just always liked words. I find it extra-pleasing when people use words with the original intent intact– like how decimate has its roots in the Roman military punishment of having a unit kill one tenth of its own, or how ravishing is about rape, and how for something to be truly tantalizing it has to be barely out of reach. Things like that. There are all this lovely little details in language and I get frustrated when people don't put in the necessary attention to said details.

I realize this is something that's true about me. I'm pathological about words, sentences, paragraphs. This is still true for me. It's not entirely true within the context of this project, because part of the point of this project is to get me to create in such large volumes that I am able to rip myself away from the little details (in practice) and see the bigger picture. I can still take any particular vomit (and I seriously contemplated and continue to contemplate doing this) and rewrite it a hundred times, condensing it into its most base constituents. But I'm not sure how valuable that will be. Mostly I want to get to the end of this and read it and see what I still find interesting. And then I'll expand on that. I think I might write short stories. I might like to publish novels in the future. I've never met a novel that I thought was utterly perfect– every single one has me thinking, "That's mostly nice but I would do X differently." So it's clear that I have to be a writer. I might not necessarily write for a living but I have to be a writer. I once wrote a short story about a boy and his wolf puppies that had me in tears while I was writing it. It's not edited, so it's still quite a slovenly piece of prose, but I was crying because of what it represented to me. And I feel like a lot of what I'm doing in these vomits is trying to intellectualize what I'm thinking about. As I get better at writing without thinking, it might make sense to avoid trying to describe things in essays, and instead describe them in stories. We'll see how that goes. But the point is that it has to keep on going. I think I could be top 1% in the world at this. I can imagine reading thousands of books in my lifetime, the idea seems pleasurable.

So I should pursue this. I should keep writing. I should start writing little short stories. Maybe I should already have started writing short stories into my word vomits by now– I think I haven't maybe because it might require a little more effort than I'm bothered with right now. But I wrote about the wolf-puppies despite that. Maybe I need to re-read Bradbury. But no matter, I will write. It is my passion and vocation and I see that clearly now. I will write even if nobody else ever cares.

[1] I'm reminded of Jay Griffiths' writing in A Sideways Look At Time, where she wrote very differently for different chapters– writing from different locations, and even writing an entire chapter exclusively while she was on her period.

[2] I will most often do it with the sense of "I'm pretty sure I've said this before". Sometimes I'll know for sure, and sometimes I won't know at all. But this recurring feeling I have that I need to somehow voice out, "Hey, I'm repeating myself!" is itself getting overly repetitive. It's fine to repeat myself, it's annoying to repeat that I'm repeating myself. So let's cut this off here.

[3] A third thing– I'm often writing these vomits without looking back. I feel self conscious of the fact that I'm not really looking back. I do feel like I ought to re-read my old vomits by now, so that at least when I write, I write with the weight of knowing what I've written. Well– I'm in two minds about this. The first and most important thing is that I keep writing.
Either I get stuck in the familiar rut, the familiar grind, or I do something overly extreme and I fail. And the extreme fails tend to justify going back to the familiar grind, and I carry with me the obscure hope that "someday" I'll figure it out, someday I'll get frustrated with the cycle enough that I'll do something altogether different. Well, someday is now. If I'm not actively working on figuring something out, it's not going to get figured out. This, of all things, is something I ought to have figured out by now. But I haven't, and the state of my life so far is a reflection of the fact that I haven't yet fully internalized this. So I'll ruminate on this fact. [1]

So I have fallen off the tightrope many, many times, and spent a lot of time not even trying, using the pain from the falls as justification for not trying. But I also really want to get to the other end. So I have spent long swaths of time just sort of idly hoping that someday I'll figure this all out. Well that someday is now. I'm 25 years old. I am the man that the 17 year old boy wishes I was. And the hilarious thing is that I am hardly any different. I mean, now I might be selling myself a bit short here. I certainly think and act better than I did then. But it's not like I underwent some sort of amazing transformation. It's not like I possess any magical insight or perspective that I didn't have access to as a 17-year-old, except maybe more data points telling me things that I already suspected or knew, but couldn't quite prove. And that's it, I'm not going to magically be different or more prepared at 35. I can't put this off any longer. The longer I put this off, the more inertia I'll have. The more my muscles would've atrophied. The more I'd have become tied up in my existing mental patterns.

So the big insight is this, younger self– you'll never be ready. There will never be a sign. You just need to write in the dark. You need to work in the dark. You'll fail, and it'll hurt, and you'll need to evaluate those failures and try again even though your gut tells you to give up.

Oh, and you'll need to realize that your feelings are not a reliable indicator of what's best for you. All that bullshit about following your gut doesn't apply to you, it only applies retroactively to people who are already successful and want to further cement the myths that they are the chosen ones, that they possess passions and insights that the rest of us mortals aren't quite blessed with.

Growing up is painful as fuck but I thoroughly intend to do it, and I intend to do it now since I can't do it yesterday. That means publishing this vomit, showering and going to bed. It means meditating. It means reviewing my to-do lists and my obligations and making sure I make good on my commitments to people. I don't feel like doing any of those things, but my feelings are broken, my feelings are inherited, and my feelings are subject to change. I've learned from experience that following my feelings typically leads to suboptimal outcomes. Yeah, I should listen to my body when it's telling me that it needs food, or sleep, or rest– and ironically, those feelings I never seem to listen to. I only listen to things that say "this is hard, this is painful, let's do something else, let's distract ourselves, let's play a game, let's just keep switching between things and things will get easier." 

Things do not get easier. Life does not get easier. Some problems do go away if you ignore them long enough, but the price is not worth paying because you wither away in the process.

Get your ass up and walk that tightrope, son.

[1] At this point I feel like it's worth a gentle reassurance that I certainly HAVE internalized some of the thoughts and ideas that I've been repeating over and over again.

And yet, I'm still not fully breaking down every single task into its constituents and attacking them one by one, and perhaps the mistake there still is that I'm not changing my environment. I should do that next, I shall do that tomorrow at work and experiment with that. I am doing well with my basics, but I can still never shake the nagging feeling that I spend blocks of time sort of intellectually staring into space, and that if I used these blocks better, I could be twice as productive.
The odd result is that I'm now living a fragmented life where I'm not very certain of what I should carry with me and what I should leave behind, seemingly[3] forever. I'm starting to realize that nothing ever truly gets left behind [4], so I don't actually need to worry too much about that. I can leave a trail of writing without having to worry too much about consolidating and making sense of all of it all the time. If you become truly significant, like say Benjamin Franklin or Steve Jobs or Lee Kuan Yew or someone, you'll have other people eager to do it for you, and debate one another over it. Though it also seems guaranteed that you'll be misinterpreted. That's life, I guess. [5]

So what are the next steps for me? Why am I writing this? Well, I want to figure out what's the next best course of action for myself. [6] I've talked and written about this loads of times, and I will be talking and writing about this loads of times more, I imagine, but I need to get to something that's really, really true for me. So true that I can use it as an answer to the question, and it should hit me in the gut somehow. I've written things like "I want to destroy my past self, destroy my saboteur, be liberated from the cycle of misery that I've been trapped in for so long". I say those things and sometimes I feel it very strongly, but sometimes I don't feel it that strongly.

And I know that the feelings are actually less relevant than I thought they were. My feelings are broken, they've often led me onto paths that were destructive, negative, frustrating. So I can't trust my feelings. I have to rely on things that are more enduring than feelings. Principles. What are my principles? What do I value? I want to feel calm and strong. So... right now I have a somewhat neutral, calm feeling. But this is a sort of... imperfect feeling. It's an uninformed feeling. The reality is that I still have things I need to prepare for, and I should prepare for them. I have work to do, and I should do it. A part of me feels like "Ah, it's not that big a deal, you'll figure it out, you'll survive it, no need to worry about it." But that feeling is damaging and wrong. It's like feeling that you ought to inject yourself with heroin (I've never felt that, thankfully). It's a wrong feeling. Feelings can be wrong.

So I'm going to publish this now, and this will earn me a checkbox on my fridge and a striking-out of a date. But then I can't relax yet. I have work to do, so I'm going to go do that.

[1] I find myself thinking of old friends. Old habits. School. Parents. Teachers. I've internalized a lot of those things- of what I need to do to navigate that situation. All sorts of learned responses that seem to have gotten encoded into the non-conscious parts of the mind. These might've maybe been time-saving measures in the past, or just a little quirk of how the mind works, but they have become hilariously obsolete and counter-productive. The only way forward seems to be to reason from first principles.

[2] I am painfully aware that I am not well equipped to be precise about these matters. It feels like I'm grasping awkwardly and struggling to convey what is being created in my mind. But I must try and try again because I think that this is an ideaspace I need to navigate, chart and conquer if I am to lead a happy, fulfilling life. And even if it isn't, it feels like a feat of thought and writing that I would be proud to have accomplished. I will be a better writer and thinker for having carved this up.

[3] For a long period of time I was very into this idea of keeping track of everything, of trying to keep records of all my thoughts and ideas. When I become successful one day, I reasoned, it would be especially useful to anybody who might be in my shoes, at the start of their journey. After all, hadn't I spent loads of time trying to find other people like myself? And wasn't it such an unnecessary, painful slog? If only people had left notes! Not commencement addresses- those are victory laps meant to mythologize, whether the speaker does so consciously or otherwise. History is always neat and tidy in hindsight. I wanted to keep records day by day to show how messy it was. And of course to make things funnier, I've always been really bad at record keeping. So I ended up spending far too much of my time trying to preserve my early mistakes, failures and missteps- at the expense of focusing my energies on moving forward. You see the flaw in my plan- it's hard to get successful when you spend your time planning your legacy. The only way to get successful at anything is to focus on the problems that you want to solve them, and solve those rigorously. Amusing how long it's taken me to figure that out. And these vomits and blogposts and such will have to do as a record of who I have been.

[4] And here I have to ask myself, what am I doing all this carrying for? Is it really for others like myself? That sounds noble (and extremely presumptuous- but I was basing that presumption on what I personally think I would've wanted, not what I thought other people would've wanted), but it's almost a little too convenient. I should consider alternative explanations. What if I was carrying them for me, as some sort of crutch? It gives me some simple busywork to do everyday, allowing me to avoid doing harder and more important things.

[5] I guess the short answer is really... if you want to help people you should start by helping yourself. Demonstrate rather than explain. If you can't demonstrate, all the explanation in the world is suspect. Nobody trusts a fat person's fitness advice, or a bankrupt's investment advice (unless they are descriptions of how they got there, and what NOT to do, rather than what to do).

[6] Here I'm reminded of a great line in a Paul Graham essay where he talks about showing his essays to his friends, to observe their reactions- if they laugh it's a good sign, it means he went somewhere interesting and/or unexpected. If they're bored or unconvinced though, the issue isn't to dress things up to make them more persuasive- it's to reassess the situation and get to the truth of the matter. There's always something interesting about the truth if you look hard enough.
It's wrong when I feel like I can do many things at once. I can't. Important, difficult things require focus. Steve Vai says this and he's successful and he knows this to be true, and I'm willing to defer to him and countless others who say "How good you are at something is a function of how well you were able to focus on it." I have many examples of me trying to multi-task and failing– in fact, that's the default state of my existence so far. I'd like to change that. I have to pick one thing at a time and do that one thing.

It's wrong when I feel like I can do something easily, or I can do something later. I systematically overestimate what I am capable of doing, and the feeling there is always a lie. I can't trust my later-self to do things, I'll be tired later. I'll have other commitments later. I'll get interrupted later. If something needs doing, I should do it now.

It's wrong when I feel like I need to do something entirely on my own. I can delegate and share. I can ask other people for their opinions. Life can be wonderfully collaborative and it should be. I used to feel a general sense of disdain and unease with commitment devices– maybe because I just have this aversion to being accountable– but I'm finding it to be generally speaking one of the most useful tools I can use for self-improvement. Work with others, Visa.

It's wrong when I feel like I don't need rest, or I don't need breaks. I am not a machine. "Hyperfocus" works for video games maybe, but those things don't have real stakes. For things with real stakes I need to pay attention to body and prepare in advance. I realize– if I don't take the time to take breaks for myself in advance, I'll have the time made for me when I get sick or injured or burnt out. And those breaks are nasty, they just feel like shit and it's a terrible way to live. Why not charge in advance, instead of running around like a headless chicken? Why not be early and prepared instead of late and anxious? It doesn't cost much. So I'm not evaluating the cost/benefit when I'm making these decisions. I'm just sort of ignoring everything because I'm afraid to act. I should act. I should realize that I'm responsible for my life whether I act or do not act, so I can't pretend that it's somehow not my fault if things get broken or damaged or otherwise end up suboptimally because of my inaction.

It's wrong when I feel like everything will be fine. Yes, it can and will be but only if I make it so. Only if I decide so, where decision involves action. I have to act, only then will there be progress. Good, useful things don't happen by themselves.

It's wrong when I feel like I'm in paralyzing danger. Nothing is actually that terrible. It's weird and silly that I get caught in this mix of "everything will be fine and everything will be terrible"– both seem to be very unthinking modes of being. They're probably lizard brain / amygdala-type reactions and responses. And I can't rely on those gut feelings to navigate the modern world. The modern world requires rational thinking and careful assessments of costs and benefits. That's just the way it is. And I can train myself to do it, just as I trained myself at everything that I'm good at today. The only things I can't train myself in are things that are incredibly extreme– I probably can't be a concert pianist (actually even this is probably debatable– the problem is that I don't fundamentally feel excited or interested about the prospect of learning the piano). I probably can't be an Olympic athlete. But any person can reach peak physical condition for their own body type. I can probably learn to do backflips, learn to bench press 100kg. These are achievable things. I can learn to code. I can learn to draw. I probably won't be the best in the world at either because those places are reserved for people who were passionate about it from young, practiced it their whole lives, etc. But I can learn it to be good enough to please me and to serve my own simple needs. I was singing and playing guitar for a while in my room earlier. And that brought me a lot of pleasure even though I'm technically just a hobbyist.

It's wrong when I think that the main changes in my life are over and now I just have to optimize what little I have. That's bullshit. I can still learn. I can still grow. I can still become much more skilled and refined than I am. I can still increase my power and influence by 2x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 50x, 100x, 500x, 1000x. I believe that it's possible. The higher scales require using technology and working with other people, and there are a bunch of assumptions that go into that.

But I can definitely 2x myself. I can probably 2x myself multiple times, entirely by myself. The only thing stopping me is fear, inertia, lack of structure, lack of focus, lack of discipline. And that fear is something that's definitely wrong. I am impoverishing myself and this does not need to be my reality any more. Okay, now I'm done for real and I'm going to do some work.
For most of all of existence, life was about survival. Survival against the elements, survival against a harsh, cruel and random reality. Survival against predators, against harsh environments, against starvation and so on. I don't want to say "the idea of fun was secondary", because there's a certain oversimplistic thing there– people who are struggling to survive still seem to want to have fun where they can, it provides them some sort of escape, sometimes some sort of dignity.

But the point is– we don't have much dignity or security if our basic needs are not met. So we have to figure out how to meet those things in order to live a happy, fulfilling life. (Which is an end in itself, because life is limited and precious and should be enjoyed.)

In the context of civilization, we have to create things of economic value somehow– things that other people will exchange with us (we use this complex agreed upon mechanism called money). We make stuff that other people need or want, we get paid for it, we use the money to buy stuff that we need or want. That's how we stay sheltered, clothed, fed when we're not living off the land. (It gets more complex, of course– most of us buy shit that we don't need, and have to work extra hard to pay for that. The needs vs. wants situation is simply another resource optimization problem. What do you actually want out of life? If you agree that life is precious and should be enjoyed, you should probably spend some time thinking about what you really want, and optimize for that instead of wasting precious resources on things that don't matter to you.)

In highly complex, industrialized cities and civilizations and such– if you have Internet access, you're probably living in it– you're rarely making something by yourself. [1] You're more often then not working as part of a team, which might in turn be a part of another team, which is part of a larger organization that produces something with the combined fruits of all your labors. [2] Whatever the case, doing work (or pretending to do so) takes up precious time and energy. Time and energy that you'd often prefer to be spending on other pursuits. [3]

By now we've gotten through a bunch of optimization problems already. A, figuring out what you really want out of this limited, precious life. B, figuring out how you're going to afford it, typically by deciding what you're going to produce that's of economic value. Few people really take the trouble to figure this stuff out, and if you do, you're heads-and-shoulders above everybody else. (But hey, life isn't a competition. You do what's best for you. Compare yourself against Yesterday You, not those around you.)

[1] Individual craftsmen are actually quite rare, although very remarkable. I personally think there's a certain comfort and elegance to it, having a direct relationship between your labor and the fruits of your labor. If you carve stuff out of wood and then you sell that, and you use that to pay for the roof over your head and the food on your table, I think that's a "pleasing life", in the sense that it's an elegant system. The problem is that you probably can't make a lot of money from it, and you might struggle to make ends meet– especially if you live somewhere expensive. The "happier villagers" argument is also sort of dodgy– the villager is happy until he or his family members needs an operation that he cannot afford. I mean, sure, there might be villagers who over the course of their lifetimes lead better quality-years than the average cubicle worker, but you get the point.

[2] In a sufficiently large organization, it may not actually be necessary for your labor to translate into anything tangible that people actually use. For instance, it might be possible to work at a large advertising firm where you spend every month working on briefs that never actually make it to any client briefings, or if they do, never make it to any ads. You still draw a salary every month– the successful campaigns pay for the failed ones. A generous reading of the situation would be that you're failing on behalf of the company, you can share your mistakes and lessons learned and your organization is better off for your failures. A more negative reading of the situation would be that you're dead weight– the organization keeps you around possibly out of inertia– perhaps the cost of letting you go might somehow be higher than the cost of keeping you. This might seem weird to an individual, but organizations involves layers of communications, which have signals that might be 'gamed' for some periods of time. I don't know, I'm not an expert on how organizations afford dead weight, and why they continue to carry that dead weight. It probably has some parallels with almost how all of us carry some sort of dead weight in our own lives. Being efficient is difficult. It's painful. It doesn't happen by itself– people have to work hard at it.

[3] Some people have their lives designed really well– they get pleasure and meaning and such out of producing the thing that other people want. This is where I think of individual craftsmen, and I think of highly successful business leaders, and I think of really satisfied parents and teachers and such. Considering all of the above context, it makes sense that we all ought to try and figure this out for ourselves. We all are going to need to produce something of economic value in order to live in society (ignoring those who own or control the means of production, and can afford to live off of the rent). If we're going to spend the bulk of our time producing, we might as well produce stuff that simultaneously satisfies and fulfills us in the process of production. This is usually not an option for most people, but it's a desirable end-state to put time and effort working towards. In the context of optimizing our own short little precious lives, because life should be enjoyed.
But the cool thing is that you don't have to do it alone. You can't, actually. There are billions of people in the world, and there were billions of people who were alive before but are gone today– and much of their knowledge and wisdom and insight is available. You don't need to teach yourself things from scratch– you can simply pick up where other people have left off. And we all do this. If you want to be a writer, you're not inventing language by yourself– you work with what you've inherited, what you've learned. And you work on tools that others made. And you build on ideas that others have written– everything you do is a remix, whether you like it or not.

So a big part of life, along with figuring out what you want and how you're going to get it (and I suppose prior to that, figuring out how to figure stuff out), is figuring out who and what to learn from. Who to trust. What to trust.

And the problem is that you can't simply trust everything and everyone. The world is full of conflicting signals. Two different friends might give you completely different suggestions about whether or not you should watch a movie, let alone what you should do with your life. What do you do then? Well– I haven't actually given this as much deliberate thought as I would've liked, but this is the process where I do it. I imagine that you'd have to reduce things down to first principles. What is trust? How does trust work?

As I start thinking this I realize it's really tempting to get into a super philosophical, abstract sort of discourse into figuring out things like, what is anything at all, what is meaning, blah blah blah. That can be a fun game to play, but in the context of this essay I want to figure out trust in a practical sense. How do you know what you can trust?

And the first thing that comes to my mind is the realization– not altogether recent, but it's been extra powerful recently– that I can't actually trust myself about a lot of things. I can't trust my feelings, they seem to have a sort of self-interest of their own. I can't trust my stories and narratives, those tend to be self-serving too and they have their own interests and agenda. The only thing I can truly trust, it seems, might be evidence, data. That sounds a little cold and clinical and reductive, and I'm sure there's space for something more– I think there are moments of profound experience or insight that count as valid, but those things are themselves bits of data. How I feel during a moment of profound insight differs vastly from how I feel when I'm stressed and tired and sleep deprived, and both of those feelings are equally valid or legitimate. When I'm sitting down to think about who I am, what I want out of life, and what I ought to be doing, I feel like I ought to evaluate all of those things. And I shouldn't necessarily evaluate them with equal weight– I have to think about the contexts I was in, the context I am in now, the contexts I think I am likely to be in the future, and the contexts I want to be in. All of these things are somewhat arbitrary, they're all layers upon layers.

Another thing about trust I suppose is that it follows that thing Nassim Taleb talked about with regards to knowledge– you always know what is wrong with much more certainty than what is right, because there are many ways to be wrong and fewer ways (if any) to be right. "Right" itself is something that we judge and determine to a degree of precision, through some sort of lens, and what is right today might be wrong tomorrow when viewed through a superior lens. Everything boils down to interpretations until we get to hard reality, which is what doesn't go away when we stop believing in it. So it makes sense that we should systematically practice actively disbelieving in things, as a sort of thought experiment, and see what happens. It seems to me that I have had times where I doubted my inclination and instinct to be a writer, and yet I find myself returning to writing. So that's interesting. But consider how that applies to smoking too– there are times where I thought that I was a smoker, and times where I thought I was done, and yet during times where I thought I was done, I would occasionally feel the impulse to light up a cigarette, and I would occasionally indulge that impulse.

But I don't think that means that I can't trust anything and that everything is bullshit. That is simplistic and naive. That's like saying poker is all about luck, when it's clear that some people repeatedly, systematically win over and over again more than others. That's the thing about life, I guess– it's fought over countless little battles.

I still haven't figured out what trust is, or how I know what I can trust, and I need to think about that more. I'll sleep on it and get to thinking about it again in the next vomit. With the spirit of "what is wrong is clearer than what is right", I imagine that I'll be able to trust certain instincts, impulses, guesses and concerns moreso than others. And the idea here isn't so much about whether things are definitely correct or wrong, true or false, but more of whether things have upside or downside– what's the worst that could happen with a certain belief or idea? What's the best that could happen? And then we perhaps should systematically eliminate ideas that are volatile and dangerous. Now that sounds like an argument for a really boring sort of conservatism, and I don't want to be boring in the stodgy limiting sense. An idea doesn't need to be removed and wiped out altogether– merely fed less energy and attention. If it is valid, if it is true, then something will probably come out of it.

I'm getting incoherent. I'll go to sleep and revisit this.
I've always been fascinated by discussions about motivation and procrastination. I guess it's because I've had problems with them for almost as long as I can remember. And yet it also feels like there was an early childhood phase where it was a non-issue. It seems like it only really started when I went to school. I had 16 years of school and 2 years of mandatory conscription, so I have 18 years of mess to work through. And it's probably going to be extra hard because of childhood neuroplasticity– it's easier to learn things when we're young, and the things we learn when we're young are likely to stick with us for life. Well, I'm going to figure out how to unlearn and relearn everything everywhere. Challenge accepted. It's worth trying.

It's interesting to me how few people seem to truly grasp certain subject matters– at least, well enough to talk about it in a way that makes sense. Allan Carr has a pretty good sense of what it's like to actually be a smoker, so his books about smoking are incredibly engaging reads for smokers (in my opinion). I've found that Hyperbole and a Half and Wait But Why have pretty clear pictures about what it's like to be a demotivated procrastinator. Having explored this landscape for so long (intellectually, by thinking and talking about it, but more importantly by actually experiencing the funk), I feel like there are some things that they might've missed or not quite discerned, and I feel like I have contributions to make in the gaps that they've left for me.

In the context of this vomit I want to think and talk about a specific HaaH piece– The Motivation Game. It's a short comic where the protagonist tries to motivate herself into taking action.

She has two modes– the person giving instructions (let's call this the Parent) and the person refusing to follow them (the Child). There are all sorts of other names you could use– the Parent is the Authority, the Ego in service of the Superego. The "rational agent". The Child is the Id, the Instant Gratification Monkey, so on. [1]

There is something very wrong about the way tonnes of people manage this relationship. And at the extreme end it seems to result in depression, suicide, mental health issues, etc. And it doesn't even need to get extreme for it to be incredibly frustrating and unpleasant– life becomes this constant struggle with a really uncooperative, petulant child that you can't control. Imagine a parent struggling with a screaming child, and feeling sorry for them. Then realize that a lot of procrastinators are living that life internally, every single day. It really sucks.

What are my personal experiences with this relationship? Well, a part of me has always thought that I didn't care much for authority, that I'm this sort of happy-go-lucky carefree person who isn't interested in grand achievements. (Why are you trying so hard? What are you trying to prove? We're all going to die anyway. Doth protest too much, methinks. Why are you jumping through all these hoops? Which master are you trying to please?)

But that only works in opposition to things that I do not want and do not like, such as school. The problem comes when I'm away from all of that, and no longer forced to play some sort of role in some sort of charade. Now it's just me against the rest of my life, and I realize that I can do anything I want... but I can't seem to do it. It becomes revealed that I'm not in control of my life as much as I thought and hoped I was. There I discover that my patterns of rebellion were in fact simply another set of chains. Kind of like getting an abusive badboy boyfriend just to spite your controlling father, and then discovering that your boyfriend is an asshole too. Well, fuck, init?

So it turns out that you have to figure out for yourself what you want. In the context of the Child and the Parent, the Parent needs to listen to the Child and figure out what the Child wants. And this requires a lot of patience and listening. The Parent can't simply go up to the Child and say "You have to do a thing" and then start talking about rewards and consequences. Rewards and consequences might be useful (and this is debatable) once a person is already commited to something, once they already believe that they ought to do it, once they already care about doing it. It's kinda like adding kindling to a flame. If you don't have a little flame going, adding tonnes of kindling is actually going to make it harder for any sort of spark to catch on.

So that's the mistake that Allie makes– or describes herself making in her comics. "Stop it, stop being sad." And she describes this– "The self-loathing and shame had ceased to be even slightly productive, but it was too late to go back at that point, so I just kept going. I followed myself around like a bully, narrating my thoughts and actions with a constant stream of abuse." All of this is very relevant to the "Why I'll Never Be An Adult" post, where she describes every procrastinator's fantasy– to be able to Do All The Things in one glorious burst, and the never have to do anything ever again because you've done it, well done.

I'd like to figure this stuff out. I'd like to figure out what Allie should've done, and to figure out what I should do, and what other people like us should do. And I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that we're framing the problem wrong altogether. I can't presume too much about Allie, except to say that I relate to what she describes. So here on I'll talk about myself rather than make assumptions about her situation (which might be totally different for all I know.)

[1] A quick check on the wikipedia page of the Id, Ego and Superego reveals that the original terms Freud used were the It, the I and the Over-I. These are much better terms to use. Es, Ich, Über-Ich.
Here's the idea– the way most people think about motivation and procrastination is wrong. I think a lot of people get away with it because their problems with motivation and procrastination are relatively superficial. They don't really feel like studying one night, they're such procrastinators, ha ha. I'm talking about life-ruining procrastination, permanent anxiety in your stomach procrastination, fall sick from worrying all the time procrastination. Flunk out of school procrastination, ruin your relationships procrastination. That's the kind of hellish procrastination I want to talk about.

It's interesting how different people respond to such a qualifier. I've had some people go, "Nah, you're just dramatizing things so that you feel important and significant. You're faced with the same bullshit as everybody else, you're just turning it into this glorious drama." I've had other people go, "Fuck, that sounds cripplingly serious. You probably have like severe clinical depression, or major ADHD or something, you should see a doctor and/or a therapist and/or get some medication."

Both of those responses strike me as having a kernel of truth in them, and yet both of them rub me off the wrong way. I agree that it's a sort of dramatization, but the point is that in some sense it's a dramatization beyond the person's ability to control it. I can't just turn it off when I want to (I've tried, and I'm constantly trying, in some sense, with different approaches and attitudes), so for the most part I ratioanlize that I don't really want to, or it's not that big a deal, or whatever. Some sort of coping mechanism. Some people are literally crippled, this is my own little form of psychological cripplehood– this is my reality, so be it. I can still laugh at some things and have a somewhat fulfilling life.

I also agree that it's a health problem, in the sense that anything stopping you from living a happy, fulfilled life is a sort of health problem. It boils down to how well you cope with it, isn't it? Everything is a problem to the degree that it stops you from functioning effectively. Of course, different people have different ideas about what "functioning" means.

So to frame my problem better– I think there are millions (or at least tens to hundreds of thousands) of smart young people around the world who get caught up in this crippling procrastination that keeps them from being happy, that swallows them in frustration and anxiety. You can see the notes on Tumblr and Imgur and Reddit and wherever you go in these spaces. And I think it's a solvable problem, but I personally haven't entirely solved this problem for myself, nor have I encountered a person who's persuaded me that they started out as bad as me or worse than me, and ended up better. I think Allie from HaaH might've had it worse than me, and she doesn't seem to have solved it. I think Tim Urban from WaitButWhy relates to it, but I'm not sure if he's had it as bad as me (or at least, as bad as Allie). He has a functioning solution/prosthetic that works for him, and it sounds really nice, but I haven't been able to fully internalize his style. There's something missing from his picture. I think it's just that he's never had it as bad. Or maybe I just haven't read it enough times. Maybe there's something I'm missing, or maybe I just haven't lived his way long enough to see the alternate mode of being. In my case I think things like low blood sugar levels and sleep deprivation and lack of exercise greatly exercabate the problem (and I don't see either HaaH or WBW talking about this part of the procrastination picture).

There are a couple of lenses through which I've looked at this idea of procrastination, work-aversion, etc. One of it is mismatch– everybody works hard at something. You can be lazy in school but work really hard at World of Warcraft. That's still something worth paying attention to and thinking about. It's something Parents tend to pooh-pooh at, but it's really something to think about.

Another thing is fear. And fear is a primal response, but it's also this really complex multifaceted thing. Different people experience fear in different contexts and to different degrees in different ways. I'm reminded of Chris Hadfield's TED talk about fear, about being an astronaut, and about deliberately reprogramming your brain by walking through spider webs, for example. Procrastinators have a certain fear of certain kinds of work– we associate those things with intensely painful or negative thoughts, and so we avoid them altogether. There's a great post about this on LessWrong called "Ugh Fields" which I think captures it very well.

Another thing is a breakdown of communication between Parent and Child. Very often procrastination is the Child failing to do what the Parent is ordering to do. From the Parent's point of view, this is the failing of the Child. The Child is bad, naughty, lousy, petulant, needs disciplining and punishment and such. Needs systems, orders, structure. This can sometimes work out, but more often than not the Parent first needs to truly listen to the Child and understand the Child's needs and concerns and fears and such, and work WITH the child rather than try to WORK the child.

There's probably more. I feel like pausing here for now. The overarching point is that procrastination is a very multifaceted, complex issue. People who don't have crippling problems with it are very fortunate compared to the people who do. I can't yet even imagine what it's like to not have a problem with this, but I've witnessed people who seem to function that way (my boss is a great example for me to study and observe day after day).

I will figure this out. I will solve this, at least for myself.

EDIT: On hindisight, The Procrastination Matrix on WBW looks like it's worth reexamining

[1] I seem to do this a lot, especially with things that I haven't gotten good at talking about yet. I suppose everybody does this, too. I get violently frustrated when people do this instead of actually talking about ideas. I mean, it's okay to do it when you're figuring stuff out, but it's not okay to use it as a substitute for actually talking about something. Oh well. Maybe it's just me projecting my own frustration with myself onto others.

I'm approaching 400 word vomits now, which is a nice milestone but it isn't even half of everything that I'm going to have to write. And I realize that I have a bit of a problem. I anticipated that this problem would arise, and that I would have to deal with it, but it's now becoming very real: the problem of how to make sense of all the stuff that I've written. It looks like I'm going to have to at least scan through everything, and realistically I'm probably going to have to read all of them again.

Why does this trouble or bother me? Why does it make me a little bit uncomfortable? I knew that I was looking forward to it, and I know that if I'm going to write my best work, I'm going to have to reference the best of my old stuff. Everything is in a bit of a mess and I ought to at least tidy it up into little piles. I suppose I'm not doing it because it seems like something that will be painful and unrewarding. And I'm hesitant to do it right now because it sounds like a massive project, and I don't want to get embroiled in a massive project on a Sunday afternoon when I know I have work to do tomorrow, and I should spend at least some of my time preparing for work.

So I guess this is a project management problem. I have to quickly figure out how I'm going to navigate this problem, and then I have to get started and make little dents. I sort of tried getting started before, I have bits and pieces of it in my Workflowy– I've only really analyzed 1-50. And I'm wondering if that's the wrong approach. The right approach might be to look for sequences and trains of thought. Argh, I don't know for sure! I shouldn't be thinking about this so much. I should maybe just start reading again and take notes again.

Well maybe not right now. Well– why not right now? LOL. I spent a bunch of time today doing not-very-much. I don't feel bad about it, I feel like it's me recharging. But at the same time I know that my feelings are not entirely reliable and are often wrong. So I need to be very careful– a lot more careful than I typically think I need to be.

(I am feeling a sense of boredom and mild annoyance as I write this. This is not what I want to be writing. I should be able to skip ahead to something else. What is it that I want to skip ahead to?)

Well... I have some time left for the day. I'd like to sleep and wake early. I'd to do some preparation for work, and I'd like to publish a word vomit so I would've kept the chain going. The idea of publishing a "dud" vomit always feels a bit frustrating, like I'm cheating somehow. But I need to realize that publishing duds as part of a consistent streak is way, way, WAY better than not publishing anything. Crap I can always filter out later on.

The problem is that when I'm so worried about not publishing crap that I don't publish anything at all. It might FEEL like I've somehow avoided publishing crap, but as long as I'm not publishing anything, I'm not publishing anything. If I had been content and eager to publish crap and published a vomit a day since I started, I would almost be done with this project by now. There is no doubt in my mind that alongside the extra crap would be extra gems, and I would have already learned something from these gems by now, and these learnings would compound as I go along.

So my fear of publishing crap is ultimately damaging in a way that I do not perceive. This isn't a new insight but it isn't one that's close to my heart, it isn't something that I feel viscerally in my bones. I imagine it's something like that thing I once read about pilots needing to rely on instruments rather than their feelings, because their feelings are wrong, and professional / high-functioning pilots develop the ability to transpose or rewire their intuitions to listen to be more attuned to the instruments than to their gut feeling. It's a bit more complicated than that and I'm not doing it justice, but the point is... there are powerful truths that I know to be true intellectually, when I hear them and read them and think them I agree, "Yeah, that's true," but in day-to-day functioning I haven't yet internalized them.

Part of internalizing them requires me to repeat these things over and over again, but that's not the whole picture. It's probably way less than half of the picture. I'm guessing the next fat chunk of the picture (intuitively I want to say "the other half of the picture", but again, my intuition is probably broken and it might not be an even 50% half– it might be 80%, or it might be 20% with another mysterious 60% that I'm not aware of yet, such is the nature of constantly recalibrating expectations) will be implementing actions. Taking actions, doing things that are consistent with the truths that I believe to be true, that I say I believe to be true. A tiny part of that means publishing everyday, including publishing crap. And maybe I'll publish a vomit or two after this, but clearly the next steps after that involves taking steps that I have said I want to take that I have not taken yet, for some reason or another.

I suppose there's a lot I can learn from paying attention to how other people similar to me talk about these situations. I haven't gotten around to reading my own stuff– again, why? Am I bored? Why do I think it's boring? My own writing should be way more interesting to me than 99% of anything I can find– because it's full of opportunities for me to better myself. I should think about that for a while.
Don't waste time talking to other tied elephants; free yourself

In my last vomit I agonized for a little while thinking about how I ought to go about the project of reading and organizing all my word vomits. There are literally almost 400 vomits now, which is 400,000 words, and the idea of starting from the start (which I have done a few times) somehow made me a little queasy. The idea of starting with really structured "sequences"– doing searches for "procrastination", "smoking", etc and then systematically filling those out also makes me feel a little frustrated and bored– this project shouldn't feel like drudgery, it should be fun.

After I published that last vomit I found myself scanning through the vomits I had published. And without thinking too much about it, I just started doing what I normally do when I browse reddit– I started opening a whole bunch of tabs. I have tabs open from 0056 to 0215– about 15 tabs open. So I have 15 word vomits that I want to read. I started reading 0266 and found a chunk about "what I want" that I thought was worth quoting and revisiting and rewriting. So I opened up a Page on wordpress, titled it What I Want, pasted in the quote and a link. And I think that's a good way to go about doing this. I'm going to continue reading the rest of the vomits that I've opened, and I'm also going to continue writing my thoughts about it.

Somewhere in 0266 I wrote about a comment that I saw on Imgur– the post was something like– "I was doing X happily, and then I thought about my responsibilities, and then I continued doing X stressfully". The top comment replicated the post, saying "browses imgur happily, is reminded of exam tomorrow, browses imgur stressfully". It made me laugh. I think it made everybody laugh because it's true, so many of us do that. We continue on a pattern despite knowing intellectually that we ought to be doing something else. And the painful thing is that then we don't fully enjoy the pattern, and the thing we ought to be doing doesn't get done. Classic dark playground problem. And some of us, if we never get around to fixing this problem, end up LIVING LIFE STRESSFULLY. Which is a horrific proposition if you think about it. We're just eating the scraps, never the full meal. We're just sneaking away little bits of pleasure where we can, constantly worried and afraid about being caught, about getting in trouble, about the music stopping.

At this point I tend to talk about how it might have made sense in school or something, but fuck it. It doesn't make sense, period. It's a suboptimal way of being. I don't need to rationalize this anymore, I don't need to explain why I have this problem, and I don't need to be like "Oh, millions of people have this problem," implying that it's somehow okay. It's a case of the elephant being tied to a tiny little post, and not budging or breaking free because it tried once many many years ago when it was little and it wasn't able to.

And even worse, the elephant doesn't possess the strength right now. It only possesses the potential, and potential is worse than worthless. The elephant is still weak, and breaking from the post requires effort and failure with no immediate sign of reward. So the elephant continues browsing Imgur stressfully, living life stressfully, until it dies. Perhaps it commiserates with other elephants also tied to their respective posts, and once a week they all go have a drink together to commiserate over how stressed they are.

It's scary. It's scary how in a sense we are all drug addicts, in a sense we are all holding each other back voluntarily. We validate each others' inaction and life scripts and blah blah... I don't want to get into too much detail there, that's a trap by itself. When the elephant wakes up to the reality that it's tied to a post, it shouldn't waste its time talking to other tied elephants. Rather, it should spend its time working to pull itself free from the post. Maybe it should spend some time talking with FREE elephants, yes. And maybe it should read about elephants that have gotten free before. But even that is an activity that it has to be mindful of, because there are thousands of elephants who sit around murmuring about how nice it would be to free, and read articles about Top 10 Creative Habits Of Successful Elephants, and what Elephant Musk's Greatest Secret To Success Is. There's no fucking secret. You work on freeing yourself from the post. You glance at the free elephants only long enough to remind yourself that freedom is possible, that it's achievable, and then you get your ass to work on freeing yourself.

I have written this before, I'm sure. This will be a common theme throughout these vomits, we know this. I'm writing this at a much higher speed than I wrote the last vomit. I will finish this and then I will publish it and I will move on to reading the other vomits that I have open in all the tabs. I will read every single one of them, and I will write a couple of vomits to go through my thoughts about them. And I have to be mindful. This cannot become a completely mindless exercise, I have to be mindful of my intended end-state– which is that I want to provide myself with the language and tools and perspectives I need to keep me focused on freeing myself from the post. I want to focus my thinking and writing into a sharp laser on a single point, or a few single points, rather than write randomly in the general broad sunlight. (There will always be an element of randomness to my writing whether I intend it or not, so the intent doesn't actually shape the writing as much as I might worry about. Michelangelo simply tried to make good art, he couldn't help but paint or sculpt like Michelangelo.)

Break free.

Digression is fun
Achieving your goals is more fun
Do not digress at the expense of achieving your goals

Alright, I've been reading a bunch of my vomits and extracting out things that I think are valuable and ought to be revisited. So far so good. I've decided to pause to write about one of the vomits, which is 0079– a dithered, digressive post about digression.

I've decided to pause reading my vomits in order to to write about this post. I'm doing this because it fits the criteria for what I've been looking for for some time now: It's a post that feels "dated" rather than current. I can discern a difference between my current writing and the writing in this piece. [1] This presents me with an opportunity that I'd like to take advantage of: I have the opportunity to find out what my current writing style is, simply by contrasting it against what it was then. [2]

I think the most telling bit is this:
"I love making digressions. I almost can’t help it- I hate the idea of not sharing all these auxiliary details. Aren’t we impoverished when denied context? This informs my writing style to a dramatic degree- which is why I use so many commas, em dashes, parentheses, fragments. I write like I talk like I think- very messily."
I have changed my mind about this substantially. I still can't really help making digressions, but I no longer love making them. I see more clearly now how auxiliary details can cloud rather than inform. I would love to be able to squeeze in tonnes of delightful auxiliary details into everything I write, but I shouldn't even try until I've done justice to the heart of the story I want to tell. [3]

It's interesting that I just wrote "shouldn't even try"– because digressions for me aren't something I have to put effort into. They're still a function of my dominant way of being. It's a symptom of how I perceive and navigate the world. This essay so far has been about how I write, but it's also really about how I think, how I feel, how I relate to people and things, and how I work. In many, many fragments, in every direction, all at once, all the time, until I collapse from exhaustion. I spin in delightfully wild circles, and when the dust settles I discover that I've barely built anything at all– or more often than not, that I have multiple imperfect configurations of things, none of which work.

To borrow some language from product development, I utterly fail at developing Minimum Viable Products. I come up with very grand, over-developed product ideas without testing them first. These are costly to develop (mentally), and I get stuck with many different copies of grand, byzantine structures that are unable to stand by themselves.

If the task is "build a vehicle", for example, I ought to start with a skateboard or a bicycle. That would allow me to have something functional to work with, and I can learn from the experience. The information from that experience is vastly more useful in figuring out the next steps necessary to improve the vehicle.

I don't do that. I'm terrible at doing that. Instead I start by researching aerodynamics and combustion and solar energy, and the history of vehicles, and I get sidetracked into reading about physics and the laws of motion and lots of details about Isaac Newton's childhood, and Da Vinci's dreams for manned flight. And what it was like in fifteenth century Florence. I begin on grand plans: ideas for complicated multi-terrain vehicles powered by futuristic technologies. And these ideas are of course fantastic, flawed, imperfect. They have no clear product specifications. They have no clear budget. They have no clear outcome. I simply start improvising with no clear end-state in mind– or if I had one, I quickly throw it out the window in my glee to explore and digress.

And I guess I'm writing this now to say that I've developed since then. I used to think that the way that I thought and wrote was definitive– take it or leave it. "I yam what I yam and that's all that I yam." I now recognize that it can be a lot more nuanced than that. I now recognize that sticking entirely to my comfort zone is limiting, and keeps me from being able to do the work that I want to do. In order for me to get things done, I have to learn to manage myself and my thinking/writing styles. When there's an objective to be met, it often makes a lot of sense on focusing on what's best for the objective– instead of blindly hoping to randomly achieve it through wild trial and error. Especially when you have limited resources, and especially when the objective is complex.

The old me might have thought that this might be a "betrayal" of my "natural style", but it's really, really not that straightforward. Time spent practicing your natural style is good, you get better at it. That's part of why I do these word vomits. It's woodshedding, for my own personal pleasure and practice, on my own time. And I am always free to break into "full free-association mode" if I want to. Interestingly, I don't even find myself wanting to do that very much these days– probably because the payoff from doing so has been yielding diminishing returns.

On the other hand, successfully achieving objectives is a very powerful thing. It often gives you something valuable that you couldn't have gotten otherwise. Usually this is some sort of resource– it might be data, it might be insight, or it might even just be feel-good chemicals in the brain. These additional resources take you to the next level. And the amazing, cool thing is– when you get to the next level, you find amazing new opportunities to use your natural talents and abilities in interesting, powerful new ways. I guess it's a lot like being your own manager, so you can develop yourself as an artist.

Finally I want to say that... all of this gives me faith. I'm not sure when I lost my childlike sense of possibility, the belief that I could do pretty much anything I wanted. When I was 10 I felt like I could've been a lawyer, a computer programmer, a video game developer, maybe even a doctor if I really wanted... anything! I could learn other languages, I would get rich, I would have everything I dreamed of. At some point, a lot of that was beaten out of me, and I don't know when exactly this started to happen but I started trying to hold on to what little scraps of comfort, familiarity and seeming dignity I had left.

But the progress I've made as a writer makes me realize that it just takes practice. It just takes persistence, and a little attention. And some reviewing. And a commitment to lots of little bits over the long term, which is actually a lot easier and a lot more pleasant than it seems– you just gotta go slow and be consistent.

I have levelled up as a writer. I intend to keep getting better, and I intend to get better at other things, too.

[1] It was published almost two years ago, in August 2013. I don't think it necessarily takes 2 years to change your writing style, but if you're writing at a fairly frequent pace (above-average passionate hobbyist), I think it's fair to expect that your style will change after 2 years.

[2] If I can learn more about my writing style by simply looking at my older writing, why did I take so long to get to this? Why not just compare against even older writing, which is clearly different? The answer seems to be this: The more recent the "discernably different" post, the more interesting and useful the differences are. Consider the extreme case: I can't learn very much about my recent developments as a writer by comparing my writing against the incohrent scribbles I made with a crayon when I was 2. I could learn quite a bit about myself from reading my childhood writings (I wish I had more of those)– both from the stylistic choices and from the subject matter. But I wouldn't learn very much about the nuances of my more recent developments.

[3] This is heavily informed by Carl Zimmer's thoughts about how writing is like building a ship in a bottle, by former Pixar screenwriter Emma Coats' rules of storytelling, and by my own frustrations when writing for work– I would do a lot of research, and then struggle like mad to squeeze in all that research into the story. Turns out that it's not possible. You kill the story. Writing and thinking in a hyper-broad, digressive, free-association state can be VERY useful as a tool, but it's only one tool in a larger toolkit.
I was thinking about my last vomit about how my writing style has changed, and how grateful I am to have induced and witnessed that change. I was also thinking about how this change might be a useful metaphor to think about how I navigate reality in general– digressive, flitting constantly from thing to thing. I'd like to change the way I think and the way I act, in exactly the same manner that I have changed the way I approach writing.

It's not so much about "changing who I am" in a "discarding one identity for another" sense [1] as it is recognizing that digressive free-association and general randomness is merely one tool in a larger toolkit. What I actually want to be able to do is to use the right tool for the job. So I'm not "betraying" my old self– I'm expanding myself altogether. I'm becoming more than I was before. I have not forsaken anything. I can still do everything I used to do. I can still write an entirely incoherent, random passage of text if I had to. In the long run, of course, I'll always be best at jobs that benefit from the free-association stuff. That's a useful thing to know, although it's probably more useful to recognize that reality rarely presents us with such perfect opportunities. There are always schleps en route to anything worth doing.

I found myself thinking then about the challenge presented by these word vomits. Writing word vomits is something I've gotten pretty good at. I enjoy it, it's satisfying, it feels good. I'm about 40% done with the writing part. But as these vomits build up, I realize that I'm going to have to do more than just write. I'm going to have to re-read them, I'm going to have to tag them, edit them. Writing is fun. Editing is not so fun. It will be fulfilling to have edited, and there is learning to be had, and growth, and it will be very fun to successfully complete editing and analyzing my 1000 vomits when I'm done. But it will be harder than the writing. And it's the part that I didn't quite plan for. [2] But I will do it. It is a necessary thing that needs to be done in order for me to complete this project, and it's not going to happen by itself. So I will do it. There is an end-state I desire, and this is the schlep that needs to be undertaken.

I then found myself thinking about a conversation I had with a couple of my colleagues over dinner about these very things. I took a little too long to start writing this, so now I can't quite remember the precise details. What I remember is the title of this post, which I recognized as valuable (to me) the moment I said it:

"Good conversations do not write novels."

I used to write– over and over again, even before I started my word vomits– that I love good conversation. When I'm feeling reflective and cosmic, I think about how everything that is beautiful and joyful in the world is a sort of conversation. Deep, thoughtful engagement. The pleasurable challenge of communication, of exchanging information, of interpreting not just what is said, but what is embodied. Good conversations are my favorite thing about life, and they can be expressed in many ways– in play, in sport, in sex, in reading, in writing, in communion with nature. I love good conversation and I want to have lots of it.

I'm also starting to get more precise about the idea that I really want to write and publish a novel someday. I've always loved books. I love that they exist. I love what they represent. I love words. I love ideas. I love stories. I love characters. I love the smell of printed paper. I love sitting in bookstores and just inhaling books.

Will it be a fiction novel? Will it be non-fiction? Will it be a series? Will there be many? I don't know yet. Will I start with short stories? Most probably. Ray Bradbury suggested so, and I'm willing to follow his lead on that. What will it be about? I don't know yet, though I can guarantee that it will have to feature good conversations. Really, really good conversations.

But again, here's the key insight that I think I'm really starting to recognize [3] and embody:

Good conversations do not write novels.

Novellists write novels. And they do it by writing pages and pages of words, most of which never make it to print. They do it by writing plot outlines, and character sheets and histories, many of which they will have to discard. They do it by editing their own work, ruthlessly, over and over again.

And no amount of conversation with smart people about novel ideas will make a novel happen.

So it is with anything worth doing. So it is with a good life.

And the grand kicker, I think, might be this: Once you write the novel, once you edit it, once you publish it– you unlock a whole new set of conversation opportunities you never had before. Because then you're not talking about the novel you're going to write someday, or about how limited and predictable all the novels around you are. You become the man in the arena.

Of course, then you're going to learn that it isn't quite what you had hoped it would be. You'll have to recalibrate your expectations again. You'll have to deal with people who obstinately and willfully choose to misunderstand your work. You'll have to deal with being blamed for things that you have nothing to do with. Or you'll have to deal with being completely irrelevant and obscure.

But that's a better life than living on the periphery, wondering what if, and trying to rationalize why you aren't in the arena.

[1] I suppose I COULD frame it as discarding the old self. In a sense, we're recreating ourselves every moment of every day. Again, many different way of looking at things– the question is which lens is most useful to the matter at hand? I currently find it more useful to describe this as an expansion. In another mood, in another context, it may be more useful to frame it as the destruction and exile of a weaker self. I find it useful to have access to both lenses.

[2] I'm reminded of Bill Gates talking about how he never set out to be a businessman– he just wanted to do cool things with writing software, and in the pursuit of that he found that he had to learn how to run a business, and that included hiring and firing people– the latter of which is never a pleasant or fun experience, no matter how good you get at it. But it's just the price that reality demands– it's the price to pay to have fun doing interesting, cool, fun things.

[3] Usually when I'm first flirting with a truth, I acknowledge it begrudgingly. Intellectually. But it doesn't seep into my bones, into my nerve endings, my being. I lock it away in a box marked "true", open it from time to time to assess its truthfulness, acknowledge it, and then shut the box again, to be rediscovered much later. But this one feels different. This one feels universally true. It feels like something I will not be able to walk away from. It feels like it's gotten into my bloodstream.
I think... Some amount of box-sorting might be necessary or useful, but I don't think it should be an end in itself. (This is assuming the goal is to lead a happy, truthful life without stress and anxiety, which is what I want.) There are a bunch of truths and insights locked up in a bunch of boxes, and they're probably all connected. But what I really need to do is to increase the amount of truth that I internalize. [2]

How do I do that? It's clear that accumulating more boxes of truth doesn't actually do very much to increase the amount of internalized truth. Truth gets internalized through rigorous practice. How does rigorous practice happen? First it requires a stated commitment, yes. Then it also requires environment redesign. It requires frequent cues. It requires preparing for failure. For it it almost feels like I have to "baby-proof" my life to accomodate something that I'm trying to internalize.

I've found that having a calendar and boxes to check off on my fridge have kept me doing my word vomits daily. I've found that having a personal wager with a colleague about daily updates has kept me solidly on the wagon for the past month or so.

I'm thinking right now that it's frustrating to be repeating this stuff– yes repetition is necessary for learning but at the same time, it can get a bit annoying when you've done something several times without succeeding, and then it feels like you're trying to do the same thing again. Something needs to be different.

I think I need to practice meditation. Meditation is a loaded word... I think I need to make time to sit and breathe deeply and allow myself to feel calm, so that I can then make it a habit to identify the most compelling or important truth-boxes and open them and really breathe them in, take them out and run around with them so I can really internalize them. I mean, it's not like I don't know what needs to happen, do I? I lose sight of it in the constant fog. So I need to constantly get out of the fog so I can see more clearly. And that requires me to breathe deep (something about having lots of oxygen to the brain, maybe, I don't know the details– all I know is that it seems to work and I should do it more.) Why don't I do it more? I suppose because it feels silly. How shall I keep track of it? The calendar works for my vomits, it should work for my breathing exercises, too. And I should tie the two together– so I don't cross out the calendar until I've written the vomit for the day AND done my meditation practice shortly after.

I hope that works, I want it to work. Also I should write down some bits from "What I Want" in my wallet. It's just a thing I've felt like I should do.

As expected, vomit #400 isn't nearly as amazing as I wish milestones were. But it's a milestone nevertheless. And I will keep going.

[1] I realize that "truth" is a broad, vague term. In this context I'm probably talking about insights– about statements that ring true about how the world works, about how our minds work, about what is optimal, what is good.

[2] Again, this is with the assumption that internalized truths lead to better outcomes, which I think is a fair assumption. I think I have quite a bit of experience that validates this– that when I act in accordance with things I know to be true (I'm thinking about the boring basic stuff here– eat healthy, sleep early, drink lots of water, no zero days, what gets measured gets managed), I have better outcomes. And the most simple, unvarnished goal is to simply live a life with better outcomes.
I feel like taking a vomit to think through my thoughts about games that I play. This time I'm talking about literal video games. I've written many posts about what I used to play growing up, so let's not talk about that. I'm thinking about the more recent browser and mobile games I've been playing. I have Tap Titans on my phone right now, which I'm going to delete soon. I was playing Adventure Capitalist for a while before that.

Both games are similar to Cookie Clicker– you start by pressing or clicking something over and over again, which gives you points. You use those points to purchase things that generate more points. Now you've got a steady stream of points coming in, where you used to have to work for them. It's nice to see the number of points moving,, even without you doing anything. Next you start purchasing point multipliers and point modifiers and things like that. And then there's a reset function, where you lose everything and start over, but this time each click is worth more points than before, and each point-generator produces more points too.

It's interesting to think about how a game can keep you engaged– you might not even really be having FUN, but it's just this thing that you're clicking and pressing, and you're getting a predictable response. I think that's what I think when I redownload an old game that I used to play– Streets of Rage, SimCity, Metal Slug (I'm doing it again, this is amusingly meta). Because it's

Before that I was playing RGB Express for a while, which is a puzzle game where you gotta move colored trucks to pick up colored packages and deliver them to colored houses, without going over the same paths, without coliding. As it gets harder, you have bridges and buttons that raise and lower them, and then the bridges and buttons get colored too, and it's like juggling many complicated things. I got past the easy and medium stages– I think I was about 3/4 through hard before I got tired and quit.

I was playing Sudoku for a while too, and it's the same thing, really. I blaze through easy and medium, and get stuck halfway through hard. Same for minesweeper. I'm not sure if I've ever actually completed a session of Hard Minesweeper.

What was I getting at here? Oh, I was just trying to rexamine my interests, and think about what I do, and why I do what I do. I was tempted to say "what I care about", but "care" is such a loaded word. All of this is coming off the back of me starting to re-read Duhigg's Power of Habit. It's interesting how I'm reading it again, and to pay attention to how I feel and what I think as I read it again.

Ugh, I'm being sluggish about this. I was sort of toying with the idea of doing many different vomits tonight, but now I'm halfway through one and I just got to publish this and go to bed. I wanted to think about how I seem to have started playing a few video games again after a long time of not being interested in them. It's not like I'm spending a lot of time on it, I'm probably still spending more time on social media.

Whoa, my mood shifted way, way out there. Because I'm angry with myself for not having written this earlier and not having gotten in bed earlier. Well, I gotta let that shit go. I don't need every vomit to be perfect. Sometimes I have off days. I'm listening to a bunch of stuff that I wanted to listen to, reading a bunch of things that I wanted to be reading. I also wanted to be well-rested tonight, and I'm not going to be, now.

I guess I gotta sleep this one off and revisit it again. Let's just rush this through till the end. I play games because they give me a sense of comfort. Because there's feedback that comes easily. There's a response and it makes me feel powerful in some context. But I know that it's just an illusion, I've known it for a very long time.

I was writing this in the hope that I might surface some thought about... the first principles of what I'm getting out of the games, and how to... oh god, I'm not making sense. I know that I already know all the truths. This vomit was dead from the start because I didn't go fast, I didn't go hard, I was just trying to write it in the background. It's not possible to write a good vomit in the background. It's has to be urgent and intense and it has to keep going. Well, lesson learned? I know that technically it's not 100% learned because I'm going to make this mistake again at some point in my life.

Well... then I'm just trailing then, and I'm going to keep this going for another 200 words. And I'm under a sort of deadline pressure to come up with something at least moderately insightful before I go to bed, fun. Here it is– I wanted to write about the games because I wanted to try and rationalize and figure out and explain to myself the dissonance I feel between recognizing that it's fucking stupid to be tapping over and over again on a glass screen to make fictional numbers go up, and the fact that I was doing it anyway. This whole vomit was me trying to come up with some explanation or reason. But there's no need for me to have an explanation or reason beyond "brains are complex and silly and dumb". I crave stimulation, and when I don't feel like I have the energy or stamina or power to engage with things at a higher level, then maybe I find myself drawn towards engaging with things at a mundane, silly, stupid level. And that is what it is, no judgement.

Goodnight man. Let's do better tomorrow.
It's late at night, and I was hoping to have gone to bed by now. But at the same time I've been having really good conversations with a couple of friends. Many different trains of thought have brought me to the same station, and while I'm here I'm going to write about it.

For as long as I can remember I have felt a yearning for what I might describe as a deep companionship. I find myself thinking of creative partnerships, like Lennon/McCartney or Nolan/Zimmer. I find myself thinking of lifelong rivals, people who inspire and provoke each other. Invoking a sense of possibility, of wonder.

And yet I know that possibility and wonder are things that we have to be responsible for ourselves. We shouldn't depend on other people for those things. It's one of those things where– if you want it from others, you have to first create it for yourself, and then in that process you inspire it.

At the same time I recognize that there will always be a certain emptiness in life– nobody will ever fill you up completely; all the people in the world will never fill you up completely. There are spaces, and I think wisdom is about learning to accept those spaces, be comfortable with those spaces, maybe even love and embrace those spaces.

Yet... that can also become a copout. It can become an excuse to not reach out, not engage, not connect. And I don't like the idea of that.

The strange thing is, I've always felt a sort of hunger for more. To be more, do more. But that hunger doesn't quite manifest in reality, it doesn't turn into action. A friend tells me that she senses a restlessness in me– that's probably it. That's what I am a lot of the time. Restless.

Perhaps the simple answer to that question is to rest. To sit in stillness more, and to breathe and relax. I'm reminded of an Elliott Hulse video, of all things, where he was talking about Alpha and Beta, not in terms of "Pack Leader vs Underling", but in terms of waves– big slow waves vs short fast waves. I've always been the short fast waves kinda guy, opening too many tabs, talking too fast, writing too quick.

I think I should meditate on this more. I was asking my friends, are there any things you think you want to do, but you haven't done? And of course they returned the question back to me, and it's somehow always different to hear these questions when they're coming from someone else rather than from inside your head.

I was thinking initially of songs that I said I wanted to learn, and little things like that that I thought I wanted to do. But also... A thing I've been wanting to do is to sit and go through all my old archives on Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr. To really drink and take in all of my own history, all of my own experience, really immerse myself in that.

Well, one thing I've wanted to do is to have conversations with people around me who I know are smart and talented and kind. And I've made some headway doing that. I should seek that out more and do more of that, because clearly that is therapeutic and meditative in a way. And I know that i should also do that for myself. I should make time for myself. I was also talking about how i ought to make time to sit and draw all the things that I think are beautiful and worth drawing. It's just dots and lines, it doesn't need to be perfect, I can afford to practice. Why don't I do it?

It might be a lack of belief. But I should be wary of complex, grand, sympathetic explanations. The shorter answer is probably mundane. It's probably just habits. I don't have the habit of making time for myself. I need to create that habit, and it will create spaces in my life for me to sit in and explore and play. And if I can do that, I will become a different person. I will become more restful, more calm. I will smile more. I will shake my leg less. I will have less anxious urgency. I believe these things.

The yearning for companionship might really just be a yearning for validation. For people to tell me that I'm okay. And I'm pretty good at talking to people in a way that makes them tell me I'm okay. I want something more than that. I want the respect and admiration of peers who are equals, peers who I respect and admire myself. And I think I'm getting there. I just need to keep at it. And I need to do the work. And I need to remind myself that it's all a joy, it's all play. It's not some sort of painful frustrating obligation. I'm not cramming for some sort of test. This is my life and I'm making a choice to live it, to live passionately, like I'm in love with it, because I am!

I'm tired but smiling. I think I've been doing pretty well for myself lately, even if things haven't exactly been perfect. What issues I have, I will address and I will fix. I am confident that I have the ability to do these things. It's all inside of me. I just need to listen. I just need to open up. The universe is my companion. And it works two ways. My restlessness is no different from a young boy's, desperate to get laid. Not only is his desperation kind of comic and silly, it also ironically gets in the way of what he wants.

I suppose it's that same insight there. I'm desperate to impress the world, to make the world love me, to make love to the world, to give it all my thoughts and ideas and perspectives that I think are so important, and I hope the world will like it and notice me (please notice me, senpai!).

But that's not how love works. Love is patient, love is kind.

(There's something very funny about being 25, and thinking that I'm so done with being a horny teenager... and then realizing that while I technically am, in a much broader sense, I'm totally not. Oh, universe, u lulz.)
So, what's changed so far? What have I successfully done? While I haven't managed to keep a strong daily word vomit streak going– I've never gone a full month of publishing everyday, which is my goal now that I'm starting a new streak. I'd like to publish everyday for the rest of the month, and for all of the month of August.

I've committed to doing a daily work review at the end of each day of work. I've been doing it consistently for four weeks now. The main difference between this and everything else is that I've got some skin in the game– I told a peer I'd give him $50 if I missed an update, and $250 if I fail to meet my weekly work target. The money just makes it feel more real. Perhaps I should peg $ to other things, too. Perhaps I should tell somebody that I'd give them $50 if I go a day without publishing a word vomit, barring exceptional circumstances.

What else has changed? Well, I didn't have a smartphone until 2 years ago, and now it's become a very integral part of my life. I taught myself to smoke and I became a smoker. Social media– I don't post as much any more, but I still check on it a lot. I suppose it's really easy, and it's very accessible. Writing a word vomit is harder. The hard part is getting started and getting a momentum going.

Why didn't I write a vomit yesterday? I had slept and woken late, and then I ate out. Went home, felt lazy, bummed around all day. I felt like I should've taken a nap, but I didn't. I guess I should've. I felt like I should've meditated, but I didn't. I guess I should've. That pattern is very common. Oh, and I was working pretty late because I was procrastinating earlier in the day and didn't do enough of what I wanted to do. Why was I procrastinating? I guess I was sleepy. Why was I sleepy? Because I slept late. Why did I sleep late? I've been trying to sleep and wake earlier, I know this is a cornerstone habit that I need to fulfill. My wife and I tried to do this early waking thing regularly, at 6am everyday– and then I fell sick. Being sick for a few days tends to topple any fledgling habits I might be trying to build. I should develop a routine for dealing with that– for making sure that I keep doing everything I want to do after I recover. I managed to keep my work updates going because they were really important and consequential in a direct, immediate way, but everything else just slides away.

So I think the lesson with waking early is... suddenly waking up at 6am everyday is a bit too much of a shock. What I should do instead is aim to wake up 15 to 30 minutes earlier every day or every couple of days. That way I won't feel incredibly lethargic throughout the day, and I wouldn't have to rely on caffeine to get through the day. (I was drinking 3 cups a day when I was waking up at 6– usually I drink one after lunch, or in the evening, sometimes two.) So that's going to be my next waking early plan.

This is my experience with fitness, too– I tend to "overdose". I get frustrated with how long I go without working out, and I work out too intensively– at the same intensity I was working out at when I was working out regularly. I effectively overdose (instead of using the minimum effective dose! I used to geek out on that concept) and then I suffer for it– which puts me out of commission one way or another. I'm too sore to work out again for a long time, or I'm too drowsy to have a good day and end up sleeping late again or just generally feeling unpleasant.

So there. I need to be more calibrated in the way I ease into things after having stopped for a long time. That's how I need to optimize for sleep and for exercise, and those two things will give me more clarity to do my daily updates. I do have some highly visible signs that show me whether I've been writing or not– I have a calendar AND a total count on my fridge, and now I've got an app on my phone called Rewire that allows me to keep track of my dailies. Previously I had a problem where I wasn't opening the app every day (despite having one of the dailes be "Use rewire daily"), but now I've got a widget installed so that I can see the numbers on my phone screen– which I look at and scroll through all the time. So that makes sure that it's in my vision.

Going to bed now. I have to work out in the morning. If I'm sleepy afterwards, I'll take a nap. I haven't fixed this problem yet, I've just talked about it. I'll have to re-evaluate everything again tomorrow. I intend to solve this.
I write more succinctly now. I try to avoid big words unless they serve a particular purpose. I try not to meander so much. I use shorter sentences. I try to condense things. I try to explain myself less. I try to get to the point sooner. I digress less than before. I'm more rigorous in my thinking. I question myself more. I'm more willing to delete things that aren't working. I break things down into their components. I try to avoid arguing from emotion. [2] In general I think I've become a little more analytical, a bit more patient with myself, and I have generally higher standards. I also have a little bit more discipline and focus, but not really enough to write home about.

What hasn't changed?

My thoughts about what is important in life hasn't changed. It can be simultaneously amusing and slightly troubling to read myself in 2006 and 2010 and see myself saying the same things– that I need to sleep well, exercise regularly, that I need to focus on things that matter, that I need discipline, that I need daily habits and routines that I can rely on. It's amusing because it's so simple. It's slightly troubling because it feels like I haven't made a lot of progress on that front. I don't want to keep having to say this over and over again, again when I'm 30, again when I'm 45.

Here are just some of the things that I've been thinking, saying and writing for years now:

"Good enough" is not good enough. Manage your money, your health, your relationships. Awareness counts for little without decisive action. Art is created best by people who worry less about creating art and more about expressing truth. Think before you act. Follow through. "Stop trying to please others, just tell the truth." Do stuff, see how you feel about it, use those feelings to inform what you should do next. Communicate. Seek mutually beneficial outcomes. Design your life. Nobody owes you anything. Don't use perfectionism as an excuse to not do things, anything worth doing is worth doing badly in the beginning. Choose your friends carefully. Be grateful. You're only entitled to your labor, not the fruits of that labor. Aim to be substantial– don't just regurgitate what others are saying, dig deeper than others have dug. Schedule things that won't happen by themselves. Declutter your spaces, and your mind. Help others. Enlightened hedonism means knowing when to stop. Don't deceive yourself. Develop a good work ethic. You are not as perceptive as you think you are– there is always something you're not seeing. Embrace the detours. Self-help books don't work unless you extract and deconstruct the ideas, immerse yourself in them, experiment and apply them. Stressors are important. Do things that excite you. Regulate your mental states. Work in decisive bursts.

The above are just some of the prescriptive things I"ve writen over the years. I think they're all still valid and true, but simply stating these truths hasn't gotten me as far as I've wanted. Perhaps I'll never be satisfied, but I also feel like I can perceive of a state that is much more satisfactory than this– after which everything else is just gravy.

So what then? One thing I want to do is to go over my old goals and resolutions and make sure that I achieve them. Those that are similar to the ones I have now, I'll just tack them on together. I imagine it will give me a sense continuity. I like the idea of finishing what I had set out to do when I was younger. But I can't spend the rest of my day doing that, I'm also going to have to do some work. Well, whatever the case, I'm going to finish this vomit first. Then I'm going to take a short break. Then I'm going to do a chunk of work. Then I'll reward myself by making progress on rolling over my old thoughts and writings and picking up what sticks.

I feel like there's something I wanted to talk about in this vomit that I haven't addressed yet. I thought about it when I read a post somewhere about Joss Whedon talking about the meaning of life. And how it's basically consistent with everything else every thoughtful person has said throughout the centuries. In that regard, there's nothing new. There's nothing we don't already know. We just need to breathe deep and embrace the fact that this is it. That's what I believe.

[1] For a split second I was thinking whether I should say "but I'll..." or "so I'll". This itself is something I could probably explore for a whole vomit– how tempting it is to talk in explanations– which are often untested, unverified. It's tempting to describe some sort of causality to things, to tell a story. In my head, the thought "might've already written about it" and "I'll pick that first" arose at around the same time. But I can't really be sure if the first thought necessarily led to the latter. I'm probably choosing to write about it first because it's simply more familiar in my mind. Availability bias.

[2] Emotion is inescapable and important. But it can also be used as a substitute for actual argument. (I'm reminded of the joke about the pastor underlining in his notes, "Argument weak, raise voice here!") I don't want to think about raising my voice until I'm reasonably certain that what I'm talking about is grounded in reality. This can be challenging, but it's a good challenge to undertake. When you describe something accurately, other people can use your writing as a tool whether or not they feel the way you feel. I'm not being very accurate or precise here, unfortunately. It takes a lot of effort and energy to do that, and I'm currently writing a vomit about something else. Maybe in a later vomit.
The thing I need to repeat is the fact that explanation and rationalization and all of those things come after the fact. I should instead study the evidence. I was watching Dr. House with my wife and it was interesting to see a few bits where the doctors were visibly fixated on some theory or another. We all obviously do that over and over again. It's a challenge to let go. I suppose that's what meditation is for. And I haven't quite stuck to that as much as I say I want to. I haven't quite made it as much of the priority I say I want it to be.

Well, I'm learning. I wish I could go faster. I feel like there's some sort of zen lesson for me to learn here– that I can't go faster without slowing down. That I need to really sharpen my saw, tune my guitar, so on.

But that still doesn't answer the question I need to answer, which is– how have I kept myself going? How have I kept doing the updates that I've been wanting to do? It might be a little premature to talk about it now– I've only kept it going for 4 weeks. I want to do 12 weeks. And I want to make sure I don't give up thereafter. And I also want to keep to my exercise, my reading, my meditation, all of those things. How do I do that? It seems like introducing stakes is part of the solution. I'm feeling tired now. (I was writing the second part of this vomit before the first.) I'm going to have to ride this one out to the end, and then I'm going to have to rest. But I have to stick with it. I have to keep coming back. I have to keep trying again and again before I get it.

I feel like it might just be the weight of growing up. I don't have as much time to waste anymore. But I still certainly waste time, when I'm not quite all cognitively there. So... I don't know. We'll meditate on it.

The second is about what it's like when I feel confused by, afraid of or repulsed by the "foggy black boxes". In the context of work, I'm talking about things that I have not thought about too much, or done very much about, because I don't really know very much about them and I assume they're not a high priority. But they're things that bug me anyway, perhaps because I sense there's something important or useful behind the fog. I'm sure there are many things I know nothing about that don't bother me at all... are there? It's interesting. There are many different classes of things that I do not know very much about.

The simple takeaway was that I shouldn't be so afraid to talk to people about things that I'm unsure about, that I do not understand. I admire one of my colleagues for being very comfortable with saying "I have no idea what you just said." I'm happy to concede that I don't know about something, but I'm not so good at saying I didn't understand what you said (instead I'll try my best to interpret it, and I imagine people often accept our interpretations of things becaus the effort needed to really be rigorous about making sense of things through communication is insanely hard). I'm also not good at approaching people with "Hey, I don't know very much about this and I want to know more."

At this point I Googled "what to do when you don't know what to do" and I actually found a nice article on TinyBuddha that kind of captures it for me. It really does seem to all boil down to this general anxiousness that I have. Maybe it's from my childhood or from failures or whatever, maybe it's guilt, whatever it is. It's here. It's not helpful. I have to ask it to leave. And I have to do it firmly but nicely, with kindness. And I have to be calm about it.

[1] It's interesting to read my old work. I've done a bit of it. I should and want to do more of it. In particular, I'm interested at how sometimes I repeat things that I've read or heard elsewhere in an attempt to sort of internalize what I'm saying. I parrot all these theories and stuff. I've been doing it ever since I started blogging. When I read that now, it's quite transparent and I can see where my "original" thoughts were and where I was mainly trying to use whatever it was I had my brain wrapped around at the moment. And yet nowadays when I talk, or respond to things, I find it very difficult to isolate my influences. There seems to be a little bit of everything. It seems like all of the characters I've brought into my head began to talk to each other and intertwine with each other and I can't quite tell where one begins and another ends.
Should I be exploring my reasons for doing these little things? At a meta level, I really just want to be able to create and sustain habits that are good for me. I cannot rely on conscious decision-making, that's a really limited resource. I should externalize these decisions. When I was younger maybe I thought something along the lines of, I hate routine, I hate structure, they constrain you. I've established that good routines are liberating, they add to your freedom rather than subtract from it. I know these things intellectually. I don't do very much about them, though, unless there are stakes attached. And even then the jury's still out– I don't have a lot of evidence that I am able to sustain things. I slipped on a word vomit a few days ago. I can list out a bunch of reasons, probably. I'm good at constructing reasons and explanations. But that's a part of my brain I'd like to quiet. There is very little utility in constructing these explanations. It's far more important for me to change my approach and preempt for failure.

I've been trying to list out all of my habits on workflowy. I have habits from when I wake up to when I go to bed, and almost all of these habits have been developed non-deliberately. I sort of just fell into them over time, into whatever was easy and convenient. And it's no shocker to realize that the easy and convenient paths in life tend to be suboptimal– they don't lead to good outcomes. Good outcomes are relatively harder, and we have to be deliberate about them. Nobody randomly walks up a mountain– they make a plan, they prepare, they rehearse, they set a target, they work towards it, they measure their progress so that they know for sure whether or not they can do something about it. For me it seems like the measuring of progress is often something I slip on. I have a bunch of writings in a stable place now about all the things I want and all the things I don't want. I have some plans, although they're probably a little too big-picture and not enough day-to-day. So I'm hoping Rewire helps me with my day-to-day. I want to make sure that I meditate for 5 minutes every day, because I know that I'm a calmer person who makes better decisions when I take the time to refocus myself.

What is next for me? I need to sleep early, too. I've been neglecting that. I've been focusing all my energy on making sure that I ship my daily work updates and that I do a word vomit every day. That's progress, even if it's sometimes slow and messy. I have to keep doing this until I completely internalize it and don't slip on it. And I have to prepare in advance for the inevitable failure that comes after some sort of mildly catastrophic event– after I fall terribly sick, for example. I need a script for getting back on track after major slips, instead of starting from absolute scratch– letting all my marbles spill out and roll in the distant recesses of my mind. I need a system for quickly, firmly, confidently gathering them back together and then building with them, building from them.

If I continue doing one word vomit a day, I will be done in 595 days. That's February 2017. I would like to be done by 2016 if possible. But that's me getting too excited, me thinking way ahead of myself. All I can really focus on is this immediate moment, and what I'm doing right now to advance my dreams, to make progress on my plans. And ultimately everything is an illusion, nothing matters, etc, etc. But as long as I am experiencing life, I would like to experience it on my terms, doing things I enjoy. I would like to go to bed each night feeling like I did something, like it was a day well spent. Doing word vomits helps with that. For now, at least. And so I'm going to keep doing them. Every day.
Once I've gone through a bunch of notifications (and I typically feel a bit silly about this, because I can always check these things once I'm out the door and on the way to work... if I even care to. I could use that time to do something more substantial, like watch a video of something I care about. I'm hesitant to do this because I don't want to waste data, because my wife's always bugging me about data. There's probably a superior solution that doesn't involve data– I should be able to save things to my phone or something. I'll ask her for her thoughts.)

I wonder if I should have prioritized reading for things I should read on my commutes. Having wondered it, I know it to be true. I still haven't read the Bloomberg "What is Code" article, and I know I want to. So why haven't I done that? Something to think about.

There was a time where I used to try to write word vomits on the train, but now I'm thinking I don't really like to do that. It typically results with me having an incomplete vomit, and I hate having to revisit half-complete vomits because I can never quite recreate the state of mind I was in when I wrote it. But I suppose I could just continue the vomit once I reach work, and quickly finish it and ship it. So that's an option. It's certainly superior to checking Twitter, which never has anything useful for me anyway. I've unfollowed most people from my personal account, so there's barely anything to see.

Oh, before I leave the house I have a routine where I use the toilet (and typically do some reading while I'm in there. I'm proud of this routine– it gets me all this nice extra reading and makes me feel like I'm learning and growing) and shower and towel off and get dressed and leave the house. I'd like to take 5 minutes to meditate before leaving the house, I feel like it would put me in a good state. And that would help me decide if I should read something or write something during my morning commute.

Once I get to work, I typically go straight to my desk and turn on my laptop. But then I still haven't gotten around to developing a simple checklist of work tasks I should do everyday. This is silly and annoying. I should create a trello card with my Dailies, and get those dailies done every day. There's a minimum amount of stuff that needs doing everyday and I should make sure that I do it. I should make this a part of my personal board.

Then there's lunch, and after lunch I tend to feel a little unproductive. I'm not very good at doing "worky work" (dafuq am I trying to say with that phrase? I guess work that's public facing– I'm not in the mood to reply to emails or write articles or do editing) after lunch. So I should use that time to re-plan my day... probably with pen and paper. Maybe do some strategic thinking for some set amount of time. Then I should pick a task and attack it with single-minded focus. I typically take a coffee break either after lunch or at around 4– that habit is probably going to change because the coffee place a floor down from my office is going to be closing at the end of the month. Should I find coffee from elsewhere? Or should I stop drinking coffee altogether and pick something else? I'll probably be eating granola bars and stuff anyway– otherwise I get low blood sugar levels and then my last two hours are unproductive. Maybe I should set up an alert for that to make sure that I keep to it. Doesn't really feel necessary. I'll add a task for myself to think about it, anyway.

My commute home– if I have colleagues leaving with me, I spend it chatting with them, which I enjoy very much. Otherwise I typically... do social media stuff again, which is boring and annoying. So here again I should have a "for commutes" bucket of reading and writing ideas that I can focus on. Or I should just listen to music and be calm and relaxed.

Then I get home. Sometimes my wife and I have dinner together at home, sometimes we eat takeout, sometimes we go out for dinner. I should plan these things with her in advance, earlier in the day or way in advance. I should set aside time to make these plans. I'll want to think about that one too. And then... we might lounge around at home, I might be doing some unfinished work, or we might watch some Netflix together. If I'm really in a good mood I might play some guitar, or read a book.

I have some routines that only get triggered in certain circumstances. If I'm up really early, I'll maybe go for a run. If I'm home early, I think about going for a run, too. I should probably write about that in a separate vomit since this one has crossed 1.1k words.
I've experimented with all sorts of to-do lists, what's working for me best right now (fingers crossed, knock on wood) is Trello. I find it useful for work. I think what I like about it is the way it splays out all the information visually, like post-its or cards. There's something about that that's a little more appealing than just a list, or series of lists. (I still enjoy workflowy for its triaging abilities, but Trello performs a different function.)

Anyway, so there have been a couple of times where I've written "Write a Vomit about X" as a task. And so this is the first vomit that I'm writing (or the first in a long while) in response ot a specific "Write a Vomit" task that I've set for myself. This slightly contradicts my general principle of being as random as possible with vomits– but I recognize that prior to starting I didn't really feel like I had anything on my immediate mind that I wanted to write about, and if I didn't have a cue to work with, I'd just be rambling about rambling or something inane like that. (And here I am anyway, doing a rambling preamble about what I'm about to write.)

So today I want to write about the impulse to write in explanations. Which is an exquisite sort of self-torture– the horrible thing about writing about writing is that you're going to trip over your own feet over and over again. So here's advance warning: I'm probably going to be guilty of making the very mistakes that I'm trying to warn against.

Some people argue that one of the most important functions that the human brain does is it constructs narratives. We come up with explanations. We're storytellers more than scientists. Which might be why we come up with all sorts of silly explanations to things that don't make sense, and we cling on to them despite contrary evidence. (Maybe. You see why this is hard!)

If you're a semi-decent writer, you're probably going to suffer from this as an affliction. You're going to feel a subconscious impulse to write about things as though they follow in linear steps, in a logical fashion somehow. This happens, and then that happens, and then this happens. That's the story. The king died, and then the queen died of grief.

The challenge in writing is to come up with things that are accurate. You could be writing fantasy or science fiction, but even then you want to be writing things that are grounded in some sort of reality. Well... not always, I'm being a bit narrativistic here. Things like Twilight and 50 Shades are almost "pure fantasy" in the sense that they're unlikely to happen in real life.

(This is the point where I realize this vomit is going to end unsatisfyingly, because the amount of work required to write it well is far beyond the capacity of a single vomit by an author who isn't a specialist in this field. I have to do a lot more reading and a lot more writing to do this justice. So this is going to be crap. But that's why it's fun, anyway. So let's keep going.)

Let me start with a good example, let's say, Harry Potter. There are all sorts of things in the Harry Potter universe that don't make sense. I'm not talking about the idea of magic itself, but about how things function. The economy and whatnot. But no writer can really be so accurate as to create an alternate world that's completely internally consistent. That requires endless, infinite computation. So instead writers settle, like painters do. Instead of painting a perfect photograph, painters paint impressions. (I'm digging myself into a another massive rabbithole here... but try and follow the gist of it without worrying about the exceptions and alternatives. In a meta sense, I am trying to write in impressions, because I'm not capable of writing with perfect accuracy about the problem of writing with perfect accuracy.)

So Harry Potter for example is compelling because it captures certain human emotions quite accurately. From the beginning you sympathize with Harry and his suffering in the broom closet, and his uncertainty and confusion and surprise. All of those feelings are very real, even if they're happening in a world that's incredibly unreal. And maybe because we're primarily social animals, we're willing to suspend disbelief about blurriness in the background and periphery as long as we have enough detail to focus on that's accurate. (I found that JK Rowling was really good at friendships and family, but she was terrible at capturing teenage romance– and in those moments everything often felt )

Yeah... I made a mess. Which was to be expected, I'm operating in kinda unfamiliar territory. But I feel like this is important, and this is worth sucking at until I figure out how to be good at it. I've seen really smart people– way smarter than me– fall into the trap of writing things that are inaccurate but handwavey-explainy. I do it, I've spent way too much of my writing doing it. In fact I think one of the most important things I'll be doing when I'm editing my vomits will be to look for all the instances where I'm getting overy handwavey-explainy, and open those things up. What plots am I writing about my own life that are far too convenient, far too simple, far too nice-sounding to be true? Cracking open those things will reveal all sorts of intricate complexity and nuance that I haven't explored yet. And the idea of exploring those things gets me excited, because that's where the good stuff will be. It might not necessarily be complicated– it might even be really simple. But the critical and important thing will be that it must be true.

So this is a longwinded way of me saying that ultimately, we're so quick to explain things and to explain ourselves and each other, that in the process we neglect the truth. And to end on a cheesy note, the truth probably doesn't need a lot of explanation. We just need to be observant. And it'll sort of reveal itself. There's a bunch of work that needs to be done, of course. But the first thing is to not be satisfied with simple... ah screw it, I've over-sketched in this vomit. I'll start fresh another time.

I'm tired and sleepy, but I need to get a vomit done. I don't feel like I can freeball it completely, so I'm going to resort to my todo list again– this time I've got something that says "write about the role of emotion in writing". Okay, here I think I can play.

Emotion in writing. On one hand, I think it's practically the most important thing– although maybe that is limited to a few contexts. So let's think about it in a few different contexts. [1]

On the other hand, I also think it's necessary to practice writing in a dispassionate way. To avoid making sloppy arguments based on emotions. To avoid logical fallacies.

I'm increasingly thinking that it's important to write in chunks– to just really explode in a particular state and just keep going and going. There's something about the totality of a single session of writing that's almost impossible to recreate if I stop halfway. (I can only speak for myself.) Ray Bradbury wrote something about how important it is to write fast– when you write fast, you don't have time to stop to think about each particular word. You don't even really think too much about the feel, you don't pay attention to your sentences. You just go. You just go and you keep going, and when you're done you look back and you realize that you weren't entirely in control. There were all sorts of things bubbling up from your subconscious and they come through you however they want to, whether you like it or not. This has been explored most famously/popularly by Elizabeth Gilbert in her TEDtalks (which I know I've referenced a couple of times in my earlier vomits), as well as by all sorts of thinking and writing about creative work. You can schedule your daily starting points, and have a routine of getting started, but once you start you're off to the races.

I don't have very much to say about the editing process yet because I haven't yet sat down to properly edit my word vomits yet. But I do edit writing for work, and in that space I am familiar with what needs to be done. You need to cut away as much as you possibly can. You need to merge as much as you possibly can. Sometimes you need to rewrite things altogether. Sometimes all the rambling you do is just to help you find out what the story actually is, what the crucial or critical thing actually is. And then you start from scratch with that. This is something I sense myself slowly grasping, slowly waddling towards. I think I want to grow up to become a writer like Asimov or Orson Scott Card or Ray Bradbury or really any other kind of fiction writer. I just need to get started ASAP, write lots of little short stories and be ruthless about it. I might start writing short stories halfway into this vomit project, why not? I don't want to just keep writing about my own mind, about my own stream of consciousness. That's boring and that's limiting. I've written a couple of pieces of dialogue in a sort of experimental way. But I should do more of that. I'm hesitating because I haven't quite thought clearly about what I want to write. I'ma create a task for that.

I guess I'll use my last 250 words or so to talk about when this process has waylaid me a little. It typically happens when I'm really angry, or when I'm really excited. I've written things that I regretted on hindsight. I don't regret the emotions themselves– I regret how I allowed myself to be vague, to be handwave-y. I regret how I'd generalize, how I would insist that something was the Worst Thing Ever. In reality, things are rarely that dramatic. And what's amazing, I'm starting to realize, is that if something really DOES turn out to be the Worst Thing Ever, sometimes a great way to show it is with measured restraint.

Might be oversketching here. The point I'm really trying to make is that as writers we should never allow force of emotion to prevent us from doing the research. And the scary thing is that when we're invested in a position that we feel strongly about, we can even be disdainful of the very idea of doing research. Or if we do do research, we do it in a cherry-picked way to make sure that we only read what we already want to read, what already confirms our opinions.

If something moves us, if we feel strongly about something, that's a sign that it's important to us in some way. But that's also a sign that we owe it to ourselves and the subject matter to examine it closely, 'dispassionately'– consider all the possible interpretations. Consider the possibility that we might be wrong, that we might be mistaken, that we might have to change our minds. Develop an appreciation for the broader context. There can still be beauty in the story then, and in fact I think all that context only adds to the beauty. It never subtracts. You don't necessarily have to use all of it.

Oversketching. This will happen over and over again. Quite excited to move forward and repeat myself with this until I have it down in a clear and succinct fashion. Note to self: Revisit the past two posts about emotion and explanations.

[1] Emotion is obviously one of the most critical things when you're writing fiction. You want your audience to feel something. You want them to root for some characters or some situation, you want them to follow along with some conflict, some journey, you want them to feel something at the outcome (not necessarily pleasure or joy or resolution, it could be something unsettling or negative– whatever! The point is that you must move them or you wasted their time.) But I think it's important even in dryer things like business writing, or even academic writing (and here I'm just talking out of my ass about what I believe, but I'm just going to say it anyway.) I think even when you're writing something dry, there's always some reason why you're doing it. There must be something. If it's business writing, you're probably trying to help somebody achieve some business outcome. And they would have feelings about that. Even if you're just helping somebody meet his sales target, or you're helping her get better at using excel, there is some reason why that matters to them. That's where the emotion comes in. We are not robots. We are not machines.

Which is actually what I want to think and write about. The whole sense of "I've got tonnes of stuff and nothing to do". It doesn't make sense, it's a sort of illusion. It's not a valid feeling, even though it feels real. Information overload. Too many things to do, a sense of too many possibilities. But it doesn't feel like that's all there is to it. To get the full picture we have to bring in the fact that some things are kept from the immediate consciousness, probably because they're difficult and uncomfortable to deal with. Ugh fields. I'm not sure what's the right lens to view this through.[1]

I keep saying to myself that I need to take many more breaks. But what should these breaks look like, and why am I not taking them already? Is it because I'm not measuring and paying attention to my time? I've experimented with so many different solutions already that I've gotten a bit weary of them all. It feels like there should be a simpler way, that I shouldn't be using so many tools. Sure, I know that I need prosthetics, so I can't just dive in solo– but drowning in a list of options is another form of paralysis.

Haven't yet talked about what I wanted to talk about, which is how the feeling of "man, there's nothing to do" is really deceptive. There's never nothing to do. There's always a list of interesting things to do, but interesting things can be a little hard, a litlte challenging, require some contextualizing, some effort. This requires some clarity of mind, some planning. So whenever it seems like there's nothing to do, a person ought to shower, meditate and reflect for a while, and it'll be pretty clear what needs to be done.

Got lost again. Came back here again. Each time these things happen a bunch of time passes. This happened entirely with me still sitting here, my bladder slowly filling, the clock moving forward, me recognizing that it's getting later and later... me listening to something that I can't actually focus on right now... so let me shut that off.

The most important thing in my life really seems to be about meditating and getting centered more regularly. Now I'll open a tab and check Facebook real quick, and challenge myself to do it in under a minute or two. Why? Beats me. This is how my mind works when it's late and I'm tired. Back here. About 6 minutes passed.

Am I making progress? I feel like I must be. I'm being more productive at work. I've been publishing these vomits more regularly than before. So it's interesting to pay attention to this. It's possible to make progress and yet feel like you're not, really. Because you're mindful of all the ways things are going wrong, even as things are going more right than before. It's a conscious incompetence over unconscious incompetence thing.

What now? I guess I'm just going to reaffirm that I want to read the books, and I want to tidy up the byzantine messes in my life. I know that it'll never be 100% possible, but I do believe it's possible to make 20% progress, 40%, 60%, 80%. And well... I don't need to go that far. I just need to make one step forward a day. 1%. 0.1%. Whatever. I just need to keep moving. And as long as I keep moving and make a little progress everyday I think I'm doing okay. We can go to the next level when we're ready.

[1] Here I find myself thinking, that's one thing that meditation helps with. I saw a quote somewhere on Reddit that resonated with me. Someone asked, can't meditation be a form of procrastination? And the reply was- procrastination is about avoiding something. Meditation is about non-avoidance. It's about allowing whatever you're avoiding to come into your presence. Sure, meditation is probably a lot more than just that, but that's something useful, I think, from the perspective of procrastinators or anybody who feels strangely unsettled like I tend to do. Like there's this odd sense of calm that isn't real calm. Real calm acknowledges reality. The odd calm I often experience is a sort of escapist calm, artificially created by a mind that's trying to protect itself from reality. But the truth is that hiding from reality is not a sustainable solution. And it's not what I want to be doing. But my body and mind has had loads of practice doing this sort of denial over the years. So I need daily practices to help me reverse the habit. My daily writing practice is part of it. Daily work emails is part of it.

But that's not why I'm writing this vomit. I opened up my laptop to think about aspirational writing, which is something that I haven't done in a very long time. I used to do it from a very naive, innocent, angry point of view. [1] I started this word vomit project partially to submerge myself, to keep myself occupied so that I can't come out. This is my exile. This is me wandering in the desert, getting to know myself, facing my demons, honing my skills and craft. Perhaps someday at the end of it all I will return in a blaze of glory. Perhaps not. I don't want to get ahead of myself.

But I guess what I want to say in this vomit is that reading Botton makes me a little happy. It makes me smile to know that people like him exist, to care about writing aspirationally about how the news ought to be. That's nice. All nations are imagined communities. We can't experience a nation personally, we can't have relationships with hundreds of thousands of people, with millions of people. So we have to imagine it. We have symbols and some sorts of shared realities– flags, songs... but ultimately a nation is still an imagined community. And that's where the press comes in, that's where artists comes in. And as I writer I have the opportunity to influence people's concepts and imagination. This is a power I've always had to some degree. Right now I'm choosing deliberately to avoid using it. I'm in my cave, my grotto. I'm honing my craft. I will not attempt to persuade anybody of anything until I have climbed out of this pit that I have created for myself.

But I suppose this is a reminder to me that there is something I want to do at the end of it. I have been a little bit scared to acknowledge it but it's true. I don't want to jinx it but it's true. I'm not just writing for my personal pleasure– or to be more precise, I intend to get more pleasure out of writing than just having written. I want to move people. I want to inspire people and give them hope. I want to galvanize their hearts and minds. Why? Because it can be done. Because it'll be something to witness, to participate in. It will prove that I have understood, to some degree, this wondrous reality that I am embedded in, that I am a part of. It will be my way of dancing with the universe, of allowing the universe to dance through me. It is my expression of my freedom, an end in itself. A carnival of joy.

Alright, enough of that. What are the next steps? I should keep writing word vomits, obviously. But I should also be editing them. I should also be tidying up all the links I've collected and accumulated over the years, all the quotes. I should be narrowing down the list of things that I want to talk about at the end of these vomits. I mean, I can talk about them now too, obviously. But I just need to prepare myself for what's coming next. That's important. That will be useful. I think I'll finish this book, write more thoughts about it, and then maybe start curating my Facebook links, or just read all my old vomits as quickly as possible. That might be worth doing.

I suppose on hindsight this will really be more about capturing intent. Intent doesn't persist for very long, it appears in brief moments of inspiration and clarity. It has to be written down, and it has to be adhered to. We have to believe, when we are down, that what was true when we were up should still be true when we are down. It's just harder or impossible to see. But it boils down to a simple question: do you trust yourself? Do you believe yourself? Well. That's not thaaat simple a question. The meta question is– what can you reasonably trust yourself with, what can you reasonably believe from yourself? Assuming that things do change to some degree– what changes, what doesn't? What is relatively harmless to trust, and what cannot be trusted because of the sheer cost of being wrong, if wrong? Think antifragile.

[1] And here now I'm thinking about something I read somewhere else– and suddenly I can't quite figure out whether it's from the internet or in a book, I'm thinking it's from the internet– probably on Ribbonfarm– about how Einstein applied child-like questions to big problems and pursued them with adult tenacity. And how teenagers have a sense of frustration with authority because of hormones.

But that's somehow an incomplete definition– we can all describe situations in which we exchanged information with people, yet didn't feel like we were having a conversation. What are these?

The first example that comes to mind is a transactional conversation, that you might have when you're buying something at a grocery store. Will you be paying by cash or credit card? That's not a conversation. If you see the lady regularly, and she asks you some casual social questions– "I haven't seen your mother lately, how is she?"– then it becomes a polite social exhange of sorts, but it's still not _really_ a conversation.

I'm talking about really, really good conversation. The kind that really opens you up, that makes you feel like you're a part of something greater than yourself, something that you surrender to.

Of course not every single conversation needs to be like this– and expecting a conversation to be somehow profound or grand is usually a great way to prevent it from happening. The most you can really do, it sometimes seems, is to get all the conditions as right as possible, and then just allow it to happen.

But allow what, exactly? People aren't JUST exchanging raw information in a really good conversation. They're communicating more than just words, more than just data. The commitment to the process itself communicates something. We should list those things out. What are the things we communicate through good conversation, that we may not necessarily verbalize?

"You are important to me in this moment. I care about what you think. Your opinion matters. Your pain is real. I want to know what's on your mind. I want to know what's going on in your life. I want to know exactly how you're feeling. I want you to feel comfortable."

Verbalizing these things can be a little cheesy if your 'defenses' are up– nobody is really going to say these things at an office lunch. They're typically things we talk about when it's late at night, when we're illuminated by soft lights, maybe we've had a little bit to drink, and we're tired but choosing to spend time with each other anyway– that's when we allow ourselves to talk about childhood dreams, old yearnings, failed relationships, disappointments, anxieties, guilt, shame.

I have very different conversations with my boss when we're sitting beside each other at work, when we're having a 1-1 review in a meeting room, when we're walking down to buy lunch immediately afterwards, and when we're walking towards the train station together after work, or when we're eating and/or drinking at night. They're all conversations - because we trust each other enough to be honest with each other. But we also both have multiple hats and masks to wear, and multiple contexts to wear them in, and there are appropriate times to have these conversations.

Even "appropriate times to have these conversations" feels like a slightly odd statement. Different things arise in different contexts.

It's the same with my wife. We have conversations as best friends, as co-owners of a 30-year mortgage, as housemates sharing the same living space. We have different conversations over lunch or dinner when we're eating at home, or when we're eating out nearby, or when we pay good money to have a dinner-date somewhere luxurious. Even our shared silences have very different meanings– right now when I'm writing this and she's reading a book and we're listening to soft piano music and we're sitting on the sofa. Certainly very different when she's getting up in the morning and I'm rushing to leave for work, and different from when we're both mindlessly internet surfing late at night, avoiding sleep for some reason or other.

What about with friends? I have some really old friends that I care about, yet it seems like the conversations we have typically follow the same cycles and patterns. It's almost like we're following a script, very closely. And the fact that we do that does communicate something. Maybe what we seek in each other is familiarity, nostalgia, a whiff of the past. But there's something odd about that sort of preservation. Art should be alive, not entombed in a museum. Preservation is a sort of death.

And then I have people in my life that I don't actually spend a lot of time with, that I might not even meet very much, but I have really good conversations with– maybe precisely because we don't know each other all that well, and we aren't intertwined in each other's social circles. We can give each other frank and honest feedback about things, and it's refreshing. We can gossip openly about our peers and loved ones, confidently knowing that the other genuinely has no conflict of interest–they don't even know who we're talking about anyway.

I think this is pretty common on the Internet- sometimes there are really heartfelt conversations on Reddit, between strangers who don't really know very much about each other. That always gives me hope, the idea that there are people who care about other people without knowing very much about them apart from the fact that they're people too.

Sometimes it certainly seems that our relationships with people keep us from seeing them as people. We cry for and empathize with characters on television, and yet we don't quite extend the same degree of empathy for the constants in our lives– not nearly as much, not always. We treat family and friends with some fear, some trepidation. Maybe it's because we have too much history. They know too much about us. They might laugh at us if we told them the truth. They might stare at us weirdly if we asked them unusual questions. They know precisely where to stab us to make it really hurt.

So we hide. We use scripts. Anything to avoid the unpleasant discomfort of having to face up to all the glorious mess of extended human relations. God, we've got responsibilities and obligations and bills and– who has time to sit and open up, especially with people who might judge us for it, who might've already diagnosed us, made up their minds about who we are, what our problems are, what we need, and so on?

People grow and change all the time, at every single moment. But somehow it's easier to be our now-selves with strangers that we've just met, assuming there's a twinkle in their eyes that tells you they're curious, they're dying for some authenticity and truth. We can afford to be a little crazier, a little truer to our current selves.

They haven't had time to decide who we are yet. In this moment, we can be anything, and we are free.
Having written one vomit about a status update, I figured I might as well write another. This time it's about saving the world.

Isn't that an intriguingly persistent idea, saving the world? Everybody wants to save the world. "Who's going to save the world tonight?" Its sister tropes are "rule the world", "run the world", "teach the world to sing", "buy the world a coke", and so forth. Where does this grand idea come from, why does it persist, why are we so susceptible to it? I definitely had a world-saving phase as a teenager, and I still have some remnants of it left over. Where did it come from? It's some sort of reaction to seeing ugly things in the world. Seeing death and decay and injustice and unfairness. And there's some sort of inner moral outrage– somebody should put a stop to this! Somebody should fix all these problems! Nobody's done it yet, maybe it's up to me. I'm going to do it. I'm going to save the world. [1]

But why do we even care? Why do we even bother? I can only speak for myself. A part of it is probably identity performance, whether I realize it or not, whether I admit it or not, especially when it's expressed publicly. "I am the sort of person who cares about social justice, who cares about making the world a better place. This is the sort of big-picture person that I am. I am for humanity." – that's an identity I performed to my friends for a very long time. Why did I do that? A part of me thinks it might just be the identity I liked most, that was most favorable given my preexisting interests and condition. I should attempt to falsify that hypothesis, but the confirmation bias is too strong. I enjoyed reading about people who did all these big amazing things– Carl Sagan... and all these quotes seemed so grand and inspiring, and I wanted to just be a part of that sort of thing.

Social identity performance is a very critical thing, but I think it's also important to note that I performed this identity for myself, to myself, when I was isolated and alone. Of course, no isolation is really permanent, so even moments of isolation are probably still to be considered within the context of a longer, broader social life. It might be interesting to ask– if I were completely uprooted from my current community, and all my friends and family were utterly extinguished and erased from existence, and I was implanted into some other society– what would I perform then? (Apart from mysterious person who lost everything– suppose that's somehow a non-issue... yes, this is a rather tediously elaborate thought experiment). What would I perform? I know I'm articulate and thoughtful and smart. But what would I do? What would my interests be?

I don't actually have a super-clear idea, which is mildly troubling. Realistically I'll probably just wander around my new environment and try to make sense of it, and figure out how everything ticks– how this environment fits within the world. Being implanted in some sort of religious-fundamentalist culture would be very different from being implanted in say, Silicon Valley, or New York, or Tokyo, or the Himalayas. So who knows? Given the choice of switching to any of these contexts, which would I pick? Sounds like I'd stay where I am, which also sounds like a bit of a suboptimal outcome. I should probably visit everywhere.

I'm running out of words for this vomit and I haven't gotten to the 'pivot' point of the post, which is to transition from thinking about the world to thinking about the self. There's a quote about how "when I was young I was foolish, and I wanted to change the world. As I grew older, I grew wise, and so I want to change myself." Can't remember who. There's also other quotes– you can have no greater or lesser dominion than over yourself. (One wonders, with modern neurology and such, if even that is a little too generous, and if we might have less dominion than that.)

The point is, to save the world, if that were even possible, if the world even needed saving or wanted to be saved, we have to become the kind of people who can or would save the world. And that requires a lot of personal transformation. And it requires saving ourselves, from whatever is bothering or aiiing us. I think often (though really I'm just talking about myself) we proclaim that we want to save the world, because if we saved the world then it would mean that we are okay. By having provided such a grand service, our personal failings are forgivable, are forgiven.

But we don't have to save the world to do that. We have to look in the mirror, we have to sit and greet ourselves arriving at our own door.

[1] It's such an interesting concept. The world is so inconceivably large, so inconceivably complex (and yet, within the grander scheme of the galaxy or the universe, it's practically a rounding error, negligible. Which is what most of us are as individuals, within the context of the world.)

What is significance? What is meaning? Why do we care about each other? It's all chemicals in the brain, does that make it irrelevant or unimportant? Well... all relevance, all importance, all meaning, all significance, all of it is constructed, imagined. Whether that's real or not depends on the lens you want to observe it through, and what you mean by real. It's real in the sense that we kill each other over it. That's pretty fucking real. But it's also in a sense ultimately a dream. (And here you could keep going, and realize that all of our experiences of everything is ultimately a sort of dream, a sort of simulation.)

What is reality? Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. It's inconvenient, unforgiving, ruthless, relentless, indifferent. But what does it mean to believe in something? What about the observer-participant problem? If something appears to come into reality because you believe in it, and goes away when you stop believing in it, does it make it any less real WHILE you believe in it? It's "real" to you– and if you kill somebody because of your imagined belief, then your belief is real to them– in the sense that they have to take it into account when figuring out how to not get killed.

So other people's fanaticism is a real thing, even if their fanaticism itself is entirely imagined and would go away if they just decided to stop believing in it. And there are all sorts of real reasons that may explain why they believe what they believe, and why they cling on to that belief despite the fact that it's not _technically_ grounded in 'absolute reality'. It all gets a little fuzzy, really. The emperor might indeed not be wearing any clothes, but you'll still get really arrested and really beheaded for pointing out that truth. Reality doesn't give a shit about the fact that sometimes people make stuff up. It doesn't give a shit, period. So you have to account for other people's (potentially lethal!) BS when making sense of the reality we inhabit, because it includes other people.
I was having a text conversation with a friend that I sometimes talk to from time to time– one of those people that I don't actually meet personally very much, and is more of an acquaintance or friend-of-friend, yet somebody I'm very comfortable talking to perhaps precisely because we're not super close in 'real life'. We were talking about what it's like to date, or make new friends, and how sometimes we can be caught in awkward situations with people we can't really talk to. I wondered about how often we might have been in situations where we were the ignorant person that somebody else felt awkward around. I can't think of any cases off the top of my head, but maybe that's how it works. If you can perceive it, you can do something to mitigate it.

Anyway, I then found myself saying– what I really want is to be able to have a dinner party at 80 years old with a group of lovely people. Smart, thoughtful compassionate people who I really care about and vice versa, people I'd have spent 50-60 years getting to know by then. The number is arbitrary, but the thought is pretty lovely to hold in my mind. It would be a reasonable indicator of a life well lived– to be surrounded by people you respect and admire, who respect and admire you in return, and to all be a part of a wonderful support network of sorts.

Now that's a desired end-state I can get behind, and I think it's fair to assume that that in particular won't change very much. (I find myself thinking now of something a friend once wrote about how his dream was to live on an island with all his close friends, and just have a good time everyday. I think this is a pretty similar thing.)

So how does that happen? How does one work towards such a dinner party? There's all the details about hosting and preparing food and drink and stuff like that, but that's the relatively easy part. The hard part is identifying people that you'd want to spend such time with, and building relationships with them. And I guess you'd want to start small, rather than hope that someday you magically have the ability to throw great parties. It starts with small gatherings. I think it starts with 1-1 coffee dates. And I have had a few good coffee dates with a bunch of people, but I've never been super deliberate about it. But as I said to another person that I had such a coffee date with (actually we both went to McDonald's for dinner, which was good enough for us)– this is it, this is life! This isn't a rehearsal, everything is happening here and now and then we're gone. So whatever we think needs to happen, we need to make it happen, and now. It won't happen by itself, and it won't happen tomorrow. If we're not actively working on building and sustaining relationships, then they're decaying and withering away. And it gets harder and harder the older you get. So this is something worth prioritizing.

And it's worth prioritizing for its own sake. Too often I find myself thinking I need to have some sort of reason, some sort of agenda, some sort of plan. Like I need to construct mastermind groups and visionary plans and whatnot. But I realize now that all of that is kind of premature. As I wrote in Letter To A Young Songwriter, when we're starting out we don't even know what "good" is, so there's no point trying to write a good song. Rather we should just write as many songs as we can, and evolve our idea of what "good" is over time. Along the way we'll get new information and new perspective and context that will inform our thinking.

Applying that reasoning to dinner parties and relationships with people, you can't plan too much in advance. As I was telling the first friend, I think the optimal solution to dating or even friendship is to meet as many people as possible in a non-commital, non-directed way, and just explore and see what happens. See what you learn. Find out what you like, what you dislike. The problem with that strategy by itself is that you may end up with a lot of frustrating outcomes, a lot of bad hands. So you have to be able to spot bad hands early and fold them early. You have to have some sort of selection criteria for deciding who you hang out with, who you befriend. And I think if I'm honest with myself, I already do have those things. And there are peopl I want to meet that I haven't met yet. I should add those people to my Trello list and make sure that I meet one every week.

Easier said than done. Scheduling is a slow process, and I think everybody would _like_ to meet others for lunch or dinner or drinks and so on, but actually doing it requires effort and energy that a lot of people don't always have, and sometimes find at the last minute that they don't quite have enough of. How do we deal with that problem? We probably need some sort of motivation. A promise to discuss something of importance to both people. A desire to think through something, some sort of resolution. Of course ideally the pleasure of conversation should be its own reward, and I think that can be the case for people that you've had really pleasant, easygoing good times with, but for people you haven't really met yet, you probably need some sort of incentive. At least that seems to be the case with me.

So... I guess this vomit is just another statement of intent. Which is good to have, but doesn't go very far by itself. I'm creating tasks for myself in Trello to make sure I reach out to people for coffee. I guess I'll write future vomits about how this plays out.
Is this a useful question? I suppose a lot of it has to do with context. An interaction is meaningful when it introduces something significant to the table. When it changes your mind about something, gives you a new way of looking at something. An interaction is meaningless when it doesn't change anything. When it's business as usual.

What's interesting aout this is– how something feels and what it actually is are two different things. An interaction can seem meaningful but actually have no significance. An interaction can seem pointless but actually change something in some way. And in both cases, "meaning" is judged from some frame, from some context. What is meaningful to one person can be meaningless to another.

"What is it about games that is so compelling, and how do we engineer our lives to take advantage of the game mechanics?"

I asked this in the context of trying to figure out why I play games especially when I have more important things to do. I think it has to do with feedback. We can think about slot machines as an extreme case, or freemium games like Tap Titans, Adventure Capitalist and such. Those games are particularly interesting because they're addictive despite a lack of story. They're literally just about game mechanics. Keep pressing, keep clicking. Get feedback, get larger numbers. It's especially gratifying when you get 'stronger' and you start making bigger and bigger hits, and it feels like you're more powerful. But you're really not. you're just... getting good at pressing a button in some way. And games give us these artificial contexts in which everything is very neatly nicely ordered and structured, rewards come in a very predictable fashion.

How do we engineer our lives to take advantage of these mechanics? That's much harder, it seems. Because life isn't all neat and tidy like a video game. We don't always know what the potential outcomes will be, what good things will happen, what bad things will happen. We can have rough ideas, but it's not so concretely guaranteed. (Although when we're playing a game, there's always a chance that the power supply might mysteriously run out, or the game might crash. It's interesting that we don't let these thoughts faze us. Unless I guess we know that these things happen over and over again, so much so that we might refuse to play altogether. A sort of learned helplessness.)

So the challenge is to be willing to play a game that we know may crash. And to figure out the reasons why things crash, and then reverse engineer those things so the likelihood of crashing is greatly minimized. (I'm thinking about health things here. Sleep, exercise, meditation and so on. We need to recognize that these things are a part of what keeps the game from crashing, and that the game is really fun if we have it set up properly.) But we don't play a game just because it doesn't crash. We play because it's fun. What's fun about games?

What I think Adventure Capitalist and Tap Titans have taught me– growth. Growth is addictive. As long as you're growing– bigger, stronger, etc– you're still in the game. (This might explain why people who get into fitness often seem to go all-in, going from casual jogging or lifting to saturating their Instagram feeds with pictures of their bodies, getting all the likes. It's a kind of growth. It's a kind of addiction, but a relatively healthy one so we encourage it. If everybody in the world did that, we'd probably be relatively better off compared to all the other unhealthy addictions and compulsions we must probably be indulging in.)

Of course, there are all sorts of other elements. I tried to write a blogpost about this once. There's story. There's immersion (and c'mon, life is the most immersive experience there is... if you're paying attention. And it's very easy to get distracted and not pay attention. But that's a mind skill to be developed, and it's no different from learning to type on a keyboard.) When we're starting out, we can't quite control outcomes. We can't magically increase our running speed or productivity at work or whatever it is we want to get better at. That can be disappointing. But what we can do, early on, is keep track of the work we put in. Reality is physics, it's cause-and-effect. If you consume more calories than you expend, you'll gain weight. If you expend more calories than you consume, you'll lose weight. The math is easy. The psychology is hard, the habit modification is hard. But so early on there's no point trying to change everything. You just want to keep track of it. You want to see what is happening. You don't need to be throwing shinkuu hadoukens and shit– you just need to figure out what each button does. What is left, what is right, what is up, down, punch, kick.

So I personally am getting utility out of writing word vomits every day. And doing 5 pushups everyday, and meditating for 5 minutes, and so on. I haven't gotten better at these things yet, but it starts by keeping track. And I'll probably want to continue keeping track for a long time, maybe a year. It starts with one day, one week, one month. And I should reward myself lightly for keeping track, I should feel good about it, because that's the basic framework that I can build off of. Once I'm keeping track of what I'm doing, I can start thinking about what I need to modify, what I should double down on. And I can set goals that I'm confident I will enjoy achieving, and work backwards- what are the steps from here to that goal? What are the mysterious black boxes that I don't understand, and who can I ask for help?

All of this needs to happen somewhere. I liked doing it in notebooks, but I'm also mostly doing this in a mix of word vomits, workflowy notes, trello, stuff like that. But you want to have a log of how all of these things are changing. On hindsight it's really glaringly obvious, but it's not so obvious when you're moving forward. It's really hard. But there's no game more worth playing, is there?
Don't think "local vs global". Just write, and write good, and hard.

"41- Why haven't I changed already? What needs to happen for the change to happen?"

Oooh. Good question. I'm goin to imagine it's a close friend asking me this, rather than myself, so that I can be more impartial and straightforward.

There could be a bunch of reasons why you haven't changed. The tempting answer is "Because you don't really want to", but that's a copout. I believe you when you say that you want to, or you wouldn't keep asking. The problem is that you're stuck in some context that hasn't changed. And if you don't change your context, if you don't change your environment, then you're stuck in the same habits, routines, feedback loops. And these things are way more powerful than your conscious mind.

So the question you have to ask is– how can you overpower these habits? It's not just a matter of willing yourself hard enough, because willpower deteriorates. You have to make some significant, "drastic" changes of some kind that shock you out of your pattern. For example, I was having trouble keeping to a bunch of targets that I had set for myself. I tried all sorts of rationalizations and thinking and systems and whatever, but none of it really, really worked. In the end, what seems to be working is– I made a bet with somebody that I would meet my daily and weekly targets. I bet $50/day and $250/week. I haven't missed any of them in the past 5 weeks or so. Why? Do I now want it more badly than before? You could argue yes, I now want it up to $500/week more. I would say that I don't FEEL like I WANT it any more than I already did, but I now feel the BURN of failure a lot more immediately than I did before.

In the context of the procrastination equation, this is about reducing Delay. The other variables are Expectancy, Value and Impulsiveness. If you're not changing, it's because change doesn't seem immediately critical, you don't really value the change as much as you think you would (or you don't keep it front-and-center of your mind), or you don't truly believe that you can change– you expect to fail, and so you don't even really bother trying. OR you're overwhelmed and distracted by other things.

Changing habits is really, really hard man. There are some insights from Power of Habit that can be quite useful. First you need to recognize the habits that you want, and the habits that you don't want. Or before that, even, you need to recognize the outcome that you want, and then identify the habits you'd need in order to get the outcome that you want, and the habits that are blocking you, that you're going to have to kick.

So let's say you want to become fit. That's an overly vague goal, you can't value it all that much because you can't visualize it, you don't really see the benefit. It's just a sort of vague stated goal. You should instead say, I want to run 2.4km in 11 minutes. Then identify your current time– say it's 14 minutes. So you want to improve your 2.4km timing. To do this, you need to practice running. (This is something you'll want to break into sub-tasks– actual 2.4km runs, speedwork, stamina work, etc... but let's not worry about that for now. Now you need to introduce the habit of running. You can introduce complexity later. Just like in video games!). Running is a new habit that you do not have. You need to find somewhere to insert it into your flow. Say you live in Singapore, where it's way too fucking hot to run at 10am. (By the way, even this is sorta debatable. You have to ask yourself just how important these runs are to you. If it's really important, it might make sense to just suck it up, hydrate, run, shower, hydrate some more. Take some precautions to avoid heat exhaustion, but you know.) OR you could run after work, before you get home. Or you could run right after you get home. Or you could wake up earlier and run. You just need to make it a priority, identify the opportunities you have to make it happen, and then commit.

Once you've identified the opportunities for running, you should start thinking about how you usually fuck it up. What stops you from running in the morning? It's too hot. What stops you from running right after work? I don't have my running gear at work, and I don't know what's a good running route at work. (That's actually quite a solvable problem, and a solution that might be worth trying.) What's stopping you from running right after you get home? Inertia? Tiredness? What?

When you go through this process you start to realize that maybe you just haven't dissected this problem thoroughly enough. But it's just really a matter of asking some simple questions. What is the change that you want to see? If you can't describe it in concrete terms, it's not going to happen. Why does this change matter? If you can't describe it, it's not going to happen. Do you believe that you can make this change? If no, it's not going to happen. (Break it into smaller steps.) What is the context in which this change will happen, what are the precise requirements? If you don't have the instructions written down super-clearly, super-precisely, it won't happen.

That's it, man. You're spending too much time thinking about motivation and meaning and all that shit. What you really need to do is figure out the execution in as precise detail as possible. You're bad at this because you don't have a lot of experience doing this. You keep describing yourself as "a thinker, not a doer". This requires Te, not Ti. It requires Se/Si, not Ne. Your usual approach doesn't work here.

"9. The best ideas get implemented without resistance, why?"

Well– these might not necessarily be the _best_ ideas across all dimensions. It's just that some ideas get implemented without resistance, and the fact that they get implemented so easily means that they were superior configurations of the same thing. So to use a negative sort of example– if you smoke hand-rolled cigarettes, and you start buying and using filters, and that improves your smoking experience in the sense that now you don't get tobacco in your mouth, and you don't burn your fingers, then you're going to keep using the filters because it's not much more effort for a lot more payoff. And you buy the filters at the same place you buy the tobacco. So it's simple and easy to implement. Same for the jug-of-water solution– you already had the jug, you were already filling water in bottles or cups, and now you have a jug and it's just intuitively sensible.

I suppose what I really wanted to get at with the question was– how do we identify when there are superior configurations of existing systems, without having to make any big sacrifices? These are creative solutions that don't involve a lot of mess or destruction. At the same time it's probably worth acknowledging that the ABSOLUTE BEST solutions– or significantly superior solutions– often involve some destruction. There's a cost to big good change... except when there isn't.

Uh. So these things are mostly about identifying suboptimal uses of existing resources. I'm not sure if it's really worth thinking about this too deeply apart from recognizing that such circumstnaces exist, and if you're still early along the journey to optimizing something, then you probably can reconfigure your existing circumstances in a superior way. What are the things I'd like to reconfigure? The basics, as always. Sleep better, read more/better, write more/better. Now I'm going through a process where I'm just answering questions I've asked before. That's a jug-of-water solution– I don't need to waste time thinking of new things, I just answer old questions. I'll keep doing that. And I'll try to revisit this from time to time. Sometimes it might happen out of random play and curiosity (so time should be allocated for that), but more often I think it happens when there is some desired end-state... and even then, when one is playful and curious and means-agnostic about achieving that end-state.

"There is ultimately only one journey"

Yes, and that is self-mastery. Self-knowledge. Self-exploration. Getting to know yourself. Being present in this moment of your life so that you don't miss this moment of your life. Everything else can be viewed through this lens. Why is this lens useful? It allows for pretty dramatic simplification– instead of worrying about all sorts of details, all sorts of games, realize that it's all about enriching your own experience of life. Am I appreciating and enjoying life right now? In this context of my "writing game", yes. But there are other contexts I have to think about, too. That's life.

Time and time again this makes me think about the importance of meditation– of taking time to sit and breathe and allowing perspective to reveal itself. You can't quite force it– trying to force it makes me overprioritize some aspects at the expense of everything else. This can occasionally be right, but more often than not, it's wrong. I have to allow the dust to settle so I can see what is actually a concern, what is actually important.

"What do I need to say no to?"

Lots of things. Most things, in fact. We say no to many things so we can say yes to a few good things. Personally, I need to say no to wasting time on silly random pursuits. I need to say no to the impulse to consume more information, to seek out more information in a non-directed fashion, at least for the amount of time it would take for me to act on the things I already know I should act on. I already know pretty much everything I need to know.

What else do I need to say no to? Delaying. I was going to say "procrastination", but procrastination is complex and multifacted. (Expectancy, Value, Delay, Impulsiveness.) You can't just "say no to procrastination", procrastination is what happens while you are saying no to some difficult or uncomfortable task, something scary or painful. Saying no to procrastination means saying yes to calmly, impersonally evaluating a situation and figuring out what's missing, what's blocking you.

But all in all, I think listing out things to say no to is a bit of a losing game. You pick a few things to say yes to, and then those things become the focal point– and you say no to everything else that doesn't serve that. There are some exceptional cases, but we can deal with those exceptions as they come. The general principle is– yes to good first principles, yes to priorities, yes to analysing and evaluating what needs to be done, yes to doing those things. No to shallow avoidance.

"How should I respond after falling off wagons?"

The first and most important thing is not to beat yourself up too much for it. That wastes precious energy and achieves nothing. It's just a cached, inherited performance of regret and suffering. It's unnecessarily punitive. We don't need to punish ourselves for failure– failure itself is punishing enough. What we need to do is to enthusiastically get up and see what there is we can learn from the failure. This is much easier said than done, which is why it's worth reflecting on over and over again.

Objectively, why did you fall off the wagon? Were you distracted? Was the task not rewarding enough? Did you not see the point of carrying on? What can you do about making sure you get back on? Can you remind yourself why you got on the wagon in the first place, and why it matters to you?


When I say checks and balances, what I think I really need is reviews. I do daily work reviews. Word vomit reviews right now are really straightforward– just making sure one gets published each day. Sometimes more, but I don't feel a need to overanalyze that. I guess it's important to make sure a review task fits the context– trying to do major life reviews everyday or every week is overwhelming and frustrating and sets things up for failure. You want to be able to look at each review and see actionable steps that need to be taken, little things that can make for progress.

I think the next thing I need to introduce to my daily review is to check my personal trello board every day. I haven't been doing that nearly as rigorously as I ought to, considering that it allows me to move forward and make progress on practically all fronts. Maybe I'm not sufficiently precise about what the things are that I should be reviewing. So I'm going to create a task "figure out what should go into a daily trello review". I need to review what I did each day, and then plan what I'm going to do the next day. If I just do that every day, I should be a lot better off than I am now. And then I'll figure out the next layer.

"22– why is it hard to reevaluate at fractal scales"

Is it? Well, I suppose it's because we tend to get stuck on whatever frame of reference we're currently using to make sense of any particular thing. Shifting between frames of reference requires cognitive effort and can be tedious or painful. And whatever the case, it's always tempting to stick to the existing flow... I overstay my welcome on almost everything. I drag everything on for too long. The solution to this is to find a way to systematically take breaks, and then meditate– because when you're meditative, again, the dust settles and you don't need to make a deliberate conscious effort to see everything in perspective. The perspective sort of reveals itself. Whatever is important arises to meet you, once you stop running away. It's hard because I try too hard, or think that I should try harder, but the solution doesn't involve "trying" in the grasping sense. You have to make space for it and allow it to come to you. Sounds cheesy but I think it's true. I'll continue with my daily practice and see how that plays out, what that looks like.

"24– how to create a believable narrative for yourself"

Hoo, boy. This is a question that now sounds like a parlor game, something silly or meaningless. But it must have meant a lot to me at some point, and I'd like to take a moment to reflect on that. I think by "believable narrative", I mean... how do you chart a course of sorts, how do you pick a direction to work towards, when you don't really know very much about yourself or the world? And what's implicit but not stated in the question is– not only does it have to be believable, it has to be interesting, compelling, exciting. "You're an average person who's going to live an average life, achieving not very much, just doing and saying what boring ordinary people have always been doing and saying, and you're just running out the clock on your existence." That's believable. And it's also underwhelming, boring. It doesn't make for a very interesting life experience. And I want an interesting life experience. How much interesting-ness am I entitled to? That's not quite the right question– the only limitations are physics and biology, and those are both tremendously grand. Unless you have truly crippling disabilities, or are born in crippling circumstances. Neither of those is a problem for me. So I'm limited only by my assumptions, beliefs, fears, and basic physics and biology– sleep, time and so on. (This is actually a great starting point for another word vomit.)

I can't give generalized answers for this, I can only speak about my own experience. And in my experience I've witnessed myself growing and developing as a writer– first in terms of the quality and quantity of writing I produce, but secondly and more importantly, in terms of my own (changing, recalibrating) expectations and beliefs about what I can achieve as a writer, or what I might want to achieve. Initially I was just a guy who seemed to do quite well at English in school, probably because I read more books than the average person. Then I got into the GEP, which made me believe that I might be significantly better at it than other people. Then I got into KnowledgeandInquiry in JC, which made me believe that I might be good with abstract concepts and philosophy and such. Then I started blogging about local politics and was quoted and cited by others as an example of good analysis, which made me believe I could do that. Then I became a Quora Top Writer, which made me decide to double down on the writing thing– I had gotten acknowledgement from the greater world/internet. Then I've had pieces go viral on Hacker News and Medium and such, and I continue to develop and nurture this belief that I can be a writer in the grandest sense. A bunch of high-Likes, high-shares posts on Facebook reinforced this. And finally, about 350 to 400 word vomits into this project, I'm starting to think that I can and should write short stories, and eventually books. I am now starting to feel really good about the idea of books with my name on it, and with the idea of my name on bestseller lists. I really don't see why not. I'm doing the reading. I'm putting in the hours. If I continue with this at this pace, or more intensely, I will keep compounding my 'gains' and keep getting better, and eventually I'll be so good they can't ignore me. (Also, somewhere along the line I began to deconstruct my own beliefs, or at least recognize that most beliefs are mostly inherited, and the real question of whether something is possible or not is best understood from first principles, from physics.)

So to answer the question directly– a believable, exciting narrative comes from regular attempts to create data points that allow you to expand your imagination of what is possible. Along the way at some point you'll realize that the reality of what is possible VASTLY exceeds your imagination, to a degree that is itself beyond your imagination.
"What intrinsic weaknesses do I have, and how do I overcome them?"

Aw, man. One of those questions I don't really feel comfortable answering, because I'm aware of how I'm repeatedly wrong about my own assessments of myself, and about what I think needs to happen next. At the same time, I realize that I have to make an attempt anyway, because progress and growth won't happen by itself. So with the caveat that I'm probably wrong to a degree I do not realize, let's try an crack open this question.

My first and biggest weakness is... what? I guess it would have to be something systemic that is keeping me from doing things that I know I want to do, from becoming the person that I know that I want to become. What is that? I'm tempted to say inertia, but that's not a personal weakness nearly as much as it is a 'force of nature'. My response to inertia? The way I approach things? The way I think about things? The way I deal with circumstances?

Should I just list a bunch of failings and then see which seems to be the worst? Could they be reduced to "list of bad habits" and "list of missing good habits"?

I'm still learning to be responsible and accountable. To do what I say I will do, or want to do. I still underestimate how much time it takes to do something, and I overestimate my own ability to do things. I think if I could make progress on these two fronts, I would make substantial progress.

I still underestimate how much gets done in little daily chunks, and overestimate how much gets done in 'hackathon'-style intense sprints. These two biases hinder my progress. Is this the biggest weakness?

A part of me feels like I could make progress on all of these fronts by meditating more. By sitting quietly and allowing myself to bring all of these obvious-on-hindsight truths into my immediate field of vision. Is this true, though? I don't know for sure, but it seems like there's a lot of literature suggesting that this is the case.

In general I seem overly anxious and jittery. I need to be a lot calmer, to take things on one at a time. I don't do this as much as I should, because my anxious jitteriness tends to be my default state. That's bad. Anxious jitteriness makes me do lots of little things, keeps me busy and worried without actually making a lot of progress on things that need progressing-on.

For instance, right now I'm writing this word vomit while I'm on a bus, and I know that when I get home what I should do is meditate for a while, maybe shower, and then figure out the most important things I can do to prepare for work tomorrow. I already sort of know what they are. But history tells me that I rarely do this. I put things off until the last minute, by which it's too late for me to make any real progress, and then I have to start manufacturing excuses and explanations for why I haven't made as much progress as I want to. And I hate that, it feels like deception. It IS deception. I'm deceiving myself above anybody else, and by doing that I make deception a part of my existence, a part of my practice. And I hate that. It's like... once you start lying, or breaking the law, then you have to be constantly worried about maintaining your lies and you have to be extremely wary of law enforcement. And I'm not detail-oriented enough to maintain that sort of facade. So the only way I can really live is to be brutally honest.

Maybe that's my weakness. I'm not sufficiently honest with myself about things. I get afraid, and I start running all these shitty subroutines and patterns that really have no business taking up any space in my head. Precious neurons utterly wasted. I mean, if I can talk about the importance of daily work and practice, then I can reasonably say that I do understand it– at least in principle. But that's a Boxed-up Truth– something I hide away, only taking a whiff of it from time to time out of academic curiosity, and trotting it out once in a while to demonstrate that I do understand what is right, good, important. But Boxed-up Truths are suffocated in their boxes– the challenge is to allow them free reign into our lives. When we do that, though, our lives change, and change is always uncomfortable.

Maybe my weakness is that I'm still a bit childish with regards to discomfort. I still play it too 'safe' in many respects. If I was more willing to be honest with myself about uncomfortable things, and willing to lean into and go through the discomfort, and do the hard work that needs to be done, every single day, then I would be vastly better off in every imaginable sense. I'm not doing it because I'm still attached to some sort of feeble hope that problems will go away if you ignore them. Intellectually I know this to be true. In action, in practice, I still haven't fully internalized this.

I think "my biggest weakness" is to be found somewhere in this space of what I've described. I don't face my fears, I don't walk into my discomfort. I'm dishonest with myself about what needs to be done, and so I have an escapist attitude towards things and I pretend that I'll be able to do more tomorrow, that I'll be in a better state of mind tomorrow. The only way to overcome it is to do hard, messy, ugly things, over and over again. To take a deep breath and just dive into the water. To touch the icky creepy crawly. To head into the gym despite feeling weak and embarrassed. To put on the socks and shoes and lace them up and put one foot in front of the other, over and over again.

My weakness is that I don't do that. The way to overcome it is to do it. The obstacle is the way. The pain IS the point. The anxiety and jitteriness are symptoms of the disease, the disease (dis-ease) is wishful thinking, delays, fear. And saying all of this is relatively trivial. What matters is that when I get home, I do the stuff. And I should be measuring more precisely whether or not I'm doing the stuff– because if I'm not, then we're not making progress. Well then.
"What is the present state of the saboteur?"

The saboteur is always present, always scheming, and always full of shit. There is no other present state. It can be kept a little bit at bay with the flame of work done, but it always returns immediately after. There is no respite. There is no grand solution. You just have to punch him in the face, over and over and over again.

"Why do I plateau?"

One simple reason might just be that plateaus are a normal part of progress, and the challenge is to persist. In which case the question should be modified to, "Why do I give up when I plateau?" – and the answer to that is quite obvious too. Because I'm addicted to getting lots of great encouraging feedback and validation, and the hard important struggles that matter typically have some phase where the feedback isn't amazing. That's probably the main reason why people aren't all amazingly fit and talented and highly-developed in all sorts of amazing ways. Because it requires an almost 'irrational' persistence through a "dip" where you're not getting amazing feedback.

It's like if you have to play an RPG, but you don't have a clear experience bar, you don't have a health bar, your enemies don't have health bars, and you don't really know how many enemies you have to kill before you can level up. How long do you keep playing? Not very long– especially when there's a game that you can actually download on your phone, or play on Facebook or somewhere else, that provides you with immediate, instantaneous feedback. Now you feel a sense of power and control... but it only applies within a context of a highly ludic, highly sanitized and highly artificial system. Learning to do it in meatspace is a bigger challenge.

Part of it is a design challenge– to keep track of your output, to write down your workouts so you know that you're committed and that you're pressing ahead. But the other half– the harder half– is having faith that persistence will be rewarded. That if you resist the nicotine cravings, they'll eventually subside altogether– and you won't spent the rest of your life anxiously fighting the cravings.

I haven't given up on writing, even though admittedly there were some phases where I was turned off by the idea of it. I found myself thinking (in that time, momentarily) "What's the point? Why bother?" Or actually, worse, I don't even think about it. It doesn't even occur to me. The idea of writing just feels unnecessarily laborious with no payoff at the end. And so there were times when I went many days without writing. I regret it on hindsight, but there's nothing I can do about the past. All I can do is to keep those feelings in mind and anticipate that they will come again, and choose to write every day in spite of it.

But what's kept me persisting with writing, that hasn't nearly done the same thing for me with exercise or meditation or what not? I know that social media is addictive the way video games are– lots of feedback. So persisting on those things is relatively trivial. Same with cigarettes and sugar and other drugs. The brain loves it, so it's easy to be hooked.

The real challenge is how do you stay on course for things where the pleasure isn't so easily synthesized. With exercise there's some endorphins... with meditation there's some calm... but these things aren't nearly as immediately addictive in the early stages. There's pain, too, and discomfort or annoyance. And I guess even with writing, it's taken me a long time to get to the point where I can sit down with a blank page and write 1000 words and feel good about having written. That's somehow 'new'.

I suppose it's because it's very clear to me that when I finish 1,000,000 words I would have done something few humans have done, and in such a deliberate fashion. I would have achieved something that is undeniably (somewhat) impressive. And I would have honed my craft, I would be a better writer. I know this. I am confident of it. So each vomit is a 0.1% step towards completion of a project I really want to complete. In that regard, it's no different from playing Tap Titans.... absurdly tapping on the glass of a phone tens of thousands of times because you see how it's killing a monster on the screen, which subsequently gives you gold, which feels good.

This is interesting to think about. It means that I have different motivations for different things and approach things in different ways. For a period of time I was semi-interested in watching loads of TED talks and doing reviews about them. I have them all listed out in Workflowy. But I can't really be bothered to do it any more.

And yet, sometimes when I post something on Facebook or Reddit just in my downtime, and somebody asks me a question, I get fired up in trying to help that person. I get energized, I take the trouble to put together some piece that I previously sorta-wanted to do, but would never have done without the added social incentive. It doesn't even matter if these are Internet strangers who I will never have any interaction with ever again. It's just a little bit of proof, in some imagined way, that I did something that mattered to somebody. (Here I'm thinking of JiggityK's essay– I hope somebody loves me.) The craving for validation is a strong one. I suppose that might have influenced things like why I picked up smoking in the first place, or whay I cared about local music at some point. In all of those cases, that's just a part of the picture, of course. But it's an interesting and significant piece of the puzzle.

So let's go over it again. It really matters to me that I become a writer. It's my best shot (that I can conceive of right now, in present circumstances) at having the largest possible positive impact in the world, which would give me a lot of validation, and hopefully leave me economically better off as well. And I like it, I love words and sentences and paragraphs. I would want to get better at it even if nobody else ever gave a damn. So the idea that I'm making progress on this is exciting. Being 0.1% closer is exciting. I have maybe 58.5% left to go, and when that is done, goddamn, I'll be living in a new world!

The challenge then is for me to figure out how to apply this sort of system to other things that I want to get better at. Is there a limit to how many things a person can get better at, all at once? Sure, of course. But I think some things are connected. Getting fitter allows me to be a better writer. Managing my time allows me to be a better writer. Conversations with smart people allow me to become a better writer. I should probably list out all of the plausible things that make me a better writer, and frame everything in those terms. Now that's a fun exercise/challenge to undertake... adding that to the list.

I had an interesting thought this morning when I woke up. I published 4 word vomits yesterday, which is 4 times more than I’m mentally committing to in my head. So this morning I found myself thinking, “Hey, I don’t have to write one today. I can relax and take it easy.” It’s a natural ‘victory lap’ sort of response. And technically… “what’s the harm,” ya know? I got 4 days worth of work done in one day. I can take a day off. Heck, I could take 3 days off, and just pretend that I did 1/day as planned.

But this is usually where I mess up, because I have no sense of proportion, and I don’t know how to be measured. I’m bad at maintaining my lead… whenever I get some sort of lead, I typically get cocky and restless and squander it. This keeps me in some sort of status quo. I’m reminded now of all the gambling games that people would play in school– blackjack with coins or whatever. The expectation was, if you win lots of money, you keep playing so that you give others the opportunity to win it back. Which is a bit of a sucker’s game, if you think about it. But I guess we were playing for entertainment rather than to be serious about making money. It was all chump change anyway. [1]

But I don’t want to fixate too much on the past. All I need to know, really, is that there’s a lot about me that’s been trained and habitualized to seek a kind of homeostasis, equilibrium. I don’t have a lot of practice pushing forward and through things. I tend to try things for a while and then give up halfway, move on to something else, and so on. Nothing substantial. Except this writing habit, maybe. Which seems to have developed a little bit out of chance, a little bit out of habit.

So anyway, I’m trying to deliberately break out of that pattern. In the future I may decide to take a day off after doing 4 days worth of work, but not today. Not in the context of these word vomits. I can always write a 1000 words, it’s always a pleasure except maybe when I’m terribly sick or some sort of crazy emergency. (And I’ve noticed– the last time I was crazy sick, I still had the energy to go on social media. Which is kind of depressing, kind of distressing. What does it tell me, what does it mean? I suppose a kind view would be that I seek comfort in people. A more neutral view would be that I have a craving/addiction for the notifications and feedback I get from social media– people or virtual personas.

I chatted about this with a couple of my colleagues over lunch, and it got me thinking. I realize that validation can be a useful tool when you use it to help you learn– meaning, when you get validation for having accomplished something, when you get it for growing, for becoming more effective in some way. I mean in a very specific, narrow sense– like improving your performance as an athlete, or getting better with your drills as a musician, that sort of thing. That's probably what the validation machinery is sort-of optimized for. [2]

So I guess the lesson or answer here for me is really just to go back to thinking about my desired end-state. The boss asked me, has there ever been an instance where you used to care about getting validation from somebody, but you don't anymore? (Aside– I need to learn to get better at asking these sort of questions of myself, instinctively. It takes practice, and while they seem obvious on hindsight, they're not always obvious moving forward. I suppose everything worth doing is obvious on hindsight because it's so useful, effective, gratifying that it seers itself into your long-term memory and it reorganizes your other memories etc around it. Like how Facebook now seems like such a "sure thing"- as do Google and YouTube– but there were most definitely times not too long ago where I personally used MySpace, Yahoo and Google Video, and didn't really see why I would make the switch for any of those things.

Anyway. I just need to keep focusing on shipping vomits every day. They won't be perfect. That's fine, that's a part of the process. I'm repeating a bunch of truisms but it feels like repetition is necessary.

Ship every day. Check every day. Revisit. Analyze. Write. Think. Check. Stop. Pause. Meditate. Think. Check.

[1] I also find myself thinking about the casual poker games me and my friends used to play. We used to do weird silly things like– hey if it’s the last round, everybody should go all in, so that we end the game on some sort of exciting high. But of course that’s completely unfair to whoever’s winning– it turns the whole thing into a single game of chance at the end. It’s interesting to think about why we did that. Within the context of a small group of friends, I suppose we subconsciously didn’t want the “poker player” status to get too legible. It would be weird or odd if anybody was demonstrably, consistently better at something than everybody else… then it wouldn’t be worth playing anymore, for the purpose of mere socialising. Is that the case? Maybe.

[2] I was tempted to say "that's what it was meant for / designed for, but we know that natural selection doesn't give a shit and isn't deliberate about how things are put together. People with validation drives somehow outlasted people without, probably because they were able to learn and grow in some way. But that doesn't mean validation is entirely a good thing by itself, or if it was once in some context, the way my brain handles it is probably suboptimal in some way in my personal, modern context.
I have a recurring thought that’s hard to shake, and yet hard to do very much about. I don’t think it should be shaken. In fact I’ve never succeeded in shaking it, only distracting myself from it. So I should address it, think about it, explore it. This should always be the case for all things that stay in the mind.

The thought is this: I must be wrong about a great many things. There’s something terribly wrong, vague, imprecise, inaccurate, invalid about the way my mind works, about the way I make sense of myself, my circumstances, my surroundings. I mean, Jon Kabat-Zinn is right when he says “As long as you’re breathing, there’s more right with you than wrong with you.” I do think it’s therapeutic and helpful to reflect on that, to ensure that we don’t tear ourselves apart in anxiety and pain.

But once I am calm, I’m finding it necessary to do a scan. To take stock. To pause and evaluate. What do I see?

The thought that precedes “I must be wrong” is “I wasn’t adequately prepared for this.” For what? Everything. For life. For marriage. For employment. For home ownership. For having bills to pay. For being a citizen of a nation-state, with all the obligations that entails. For being more or less a part of all sorts of networks. For being an employee, for being a member of a team that’s working on a common goal. For being a husband. For being a friend.

And I feel like I’ve done a lot of reading, you know? I’m not entirely naive or ignorant. I’ve encountered lots of ignorance in the wild, and in my calm moments it’s easy to infer that I must be ignorant in a great number of ways, about things I do not realise, to a degree that I do not realise.

What are these things?

When I was in the shower yesterday, and this morning, and I was looking in the mirror, I was thinking… if I’m “right” about things, my life would be quite different from what it is now. I mean, I have a pretty decent life. But the life I imagined was seemingly richer. Seemingly more exciting. I recognise that a part of the problem is simply awareness– that life becomes richer and more exciting if we simply drop into awareness and observe it fully. But that’s not all of it. The other part of the problem is how I deal with reality. How I engage with reality. What I perceive, what judgements I make based on what I perceive, and what decisions I make– whether it be based on my conscious judgments, my subconscious judgments, or some whims that I don’t even perceive.

If I truly understand reality and myself– and of course nobody ever totally does, we only stumble towards developing better models of it– then I would be making decisions that help me further my self-interest. I do not do that nearly as much as I like to think I do. Or maybe I have some self-interest that is different from my stated, claimed self-interest, and I’m serving that– but either way, I don’t feel as happy as I’m pretty sure I’m capable of feeling. I don’t feel as satisfied and calm as I believe that I’m capable of feeling. [1]

I find myself thinking, "Yeah, meditation, exercise, healthy eating, many sleeping, all of that good stuff first, then after that..." but why do I keep thinking "after that" when I haven't gotten the basics right yet? What's stopping me from getting the basics right?

Right. I've been thinking about how we're never really taught to speak our minds, to say what we really think, to talk about what we want, to ask for what we want. We're always having to ask for permission and so on, and over time we just get bad at properly wanting things– apart from just buying indulgences and such. But what do we want to create, who do we want to be, what do we want to do that's new and exciting and at the frontiers of humanity? Going into my rising-emotion rhetoric here without saying very much... what am I trying to say. I'm thinking that it's interesting that I keep doing word vomits. Clearly this is something that matters a lot to me. Maybe I should up the stakes somehow. Maybe I'll only do other things if they fit into the paradigm of "makes me a better writer". It feels a little bit silly, and it also feels a bit... 'wrong', but hey, it's the best thing I've got that works so far. Maybe I should just run with that. Maybe I should even think of my work as something that's meant to make me a better writer. That's just one lens, it might not be the right lens, but without any particular lens I just dawdle and linger.

[1] I know one problem here might be just chronic dissatisfaction– some people are simply never satisfied, and we live in a world that encourages that. We live in a world that tells us we’re never good enough, we should own more, live more, do more, travel more, experience more, and so on. And I agree that the hedonic treadmill is something to be wary of. But I don’t feel like that is my main problem right now. The analogy I would use is this: It’s understood that there is a correlation between money and happiness up to a point. If you’re earning less than USD$75k/year, more money tends to correlate with more happiness. Beyond that, it doesn’t really make much of a difference.

I make less than half of that, but even then I don’t feel like trying to make more money will necessarily be what makes me happier. Rather, I do firmly believe that there are things I can do that will make me happier (up to that US$75k point), and those things will probably also make me more economically productive, and make me deserve to earn more. But it’s not about the money. It’s that I’m missing something that would allow me to create more value, even if it’s purely for myself. "Private value."

A couple of things happened today that made me think about the passage of time. An ex-colleague visited the office, and the delightful incubator/cafe place I get my coffee from (JFDI– downstairs from my office) is packing up.

Time is passing every day. We're technically only ever here in the present moment. But at the same time there seem to be milestones that signal some sort of 'end of an era'. Or triggers that take you back to old times. [1]

I mean... I don't know, man. I'm 25 now. I'm trying to remember what it was like to be 5, 10, 15, 20. I feel like I do remember quite a few of those things, but at the same time... a lot of it is reconstructed, isn't it? Memories aren't recalled, they're recreated. So I don't know. Does it really matter? What is the "it" I'm talking about when I ask "does it really matter"? A proper relationship with the past, I guess. Is it ever possible to really have a good one? It feels like meditation will yield the proper answer, but for some reason I'm hesitating and procrastinating on the meditating. I should think about that one. Or maybe not. I don't know. I don't know anything!

Something I've always said and thought that I wanted to do was to dig through all of my old Facebook posts and messages and comments and so on. And I sort of started doing that– I'm not sure if it was the best way, I was going through my activity log, and started in 2007. And I saw old prom pictures, and old people that I used to talk to but not very much anymore. I was hoping for some sort of insight and perspective on how much I've grown, how much I've changed. But there's not a lot, really. I would blabber on and on a lot about a lot of things. I was prone to interrupting people and pointing out mistakes. I was an annoying smartass. It was how I got my kicks, how I got my validation. And I was a serial humblebragger. I didn't really see any alternative. I didn't have any accomplishments at the time. So I'd just debate people on the Internet. Reading it now, it all looks a little contrived. I suppose it's all a sort of "playground politics"– what we invest our time and energy into when we don't have any real stakes to play with, any real resources to invest or expend.

That's the case with teenage social circles, isn't it? Paul Graham had a sense of it in one of his essays about why nerds aren't more popular, and how schools are like this artificial environment where rivalries fester. That's just my interpretation, I can't remember the details and I'm getting a little too tired to look things up. So... I was living in this sort of Potemkin world, nothing of real significance, nothing of real consequence.

I'm scrolling through current-day Facebook now, after looking at the walls of text and lengthy arguments I was having with people in 2011 and 2012, and I'm seeing that I can't bring myself to get involved any more. I'm not sure if I'm just tired from my daily work, and I'm thinking about all the other work obligations I have, or if I can actually say that I've grown out of this stuff. I'd like to think it's the latter, and that if I was well-rested I'd look at the wall-of-text and still think "Eh, that's your opinion and I'm not really going to make a positive difference by challenging you to a debate on your public wall." If it's really important to me that you get a more rigorous understanding of something– then I'll ask you out, and I'll ask you what you think, and I'll ask you a bunch of questions. We'll make progress a lot faster. I suppose when I was younger that didn't seem like an option, or nearly as valid an option. I was really broke at the time. I don't know. I don't need to explain or justify who I was to anybody. I know THAT. So why do I try to do it? I'm trying to make sense to myself, or maybe I'm just trying to fill in the wordcount.

All of this is part of the plan, all of this was expected. Nothing surprising here.

I need to "forgive myself" in many ways. And I need to just recognize that I already have everything I'll ever need, and that I could resolve a lot of things by making slightly better decisions. Why aren't I doing it? Because I like the drama? I like the stimuli? I want things to be a bit dangerous, a bit sexy, a bit emo? At 25 now, when I look at how I was writing when I was 21, I think, "Wow, that's a lot of wasted energy and motion just fluffing around." What will I be thinking at 30, looking back at 25? I think I'll be thinking... "Why weren't you meditating? Why weren't you exercising? Why weren't you eating better? You knew all along that those were the right things to do, why were you waiting? What were you waiting for? What was stopping you?"

I can't quite put my finger on it. How many nights do you need to sleep on something before the answer comes to you fully formed in a dream, and/or upon waking? Each time I get a chance to speak to myself, I feel like saying... pay attention. Listen up. Breathe deep. Be big, be expansive, you already know.

I wanted to write about time. There is only now. It is painful to overthink. I am tired.

[1] I haven't read Proust, but my understanding is that his magnum opus "In Search Of Lost Time" is a lot about this sort of thing. I wonder if I'll ever read it. It's over 4,200 pages. I'm looking up the Wiki now. I suppose I might read it sometime. I suppose a lot of things.
Amusingly, I have repeatedly messed up the numbers of the past few word vomits. I keep writing 0241, 0242, 0243 instead of 0421, 0422, 0423. I suppose subconsciously I feel like I can't be approaching the mid-400s yet.

I made a few more videos on YouTube. I'm still really self-conscious about my accent and the way I speak, but I really want to be a part of the International Internet Community (imagined or otherwise), so I feel like it's really important to me that I practice speaking clearly and I get better at it. I feel like I will be giving speeches and such in the future when I grow older, so I might as well do it now. So I'm doing it. I've also lately felt more of an affinity for the guitar, like I'd like to start practicing more, deconstructing more songs that I like, improve and grow as a musician. I no longer feel as much of an interest in impressing other people– I've written off the idea of being some kind of rock star. [1]

I've been thinking a lot about the passage of time, as I mentioned in the last post (but didn't really do justice to.) I'm thinking about what it means to be an adult, and what it means to be a child, and I've been trying to revisit what it felt like to be younger. I look for clues in my writing and in old videos and pictures, and in old comments and statuses on Facebook. It's really obvious to me now how much I sought the approval of others. I still do, obviously, and I probably always will, but it was a much more intense ache of sorts then. I wasn't doing very well in school after my early success, and maybe I needed to prove to myself in some way that I wasn't a total fuckup– that my fuckups were intentional and by choice, and that I could still get people to acknowledge my greatness and superiority in the spaces that I chose. So all was well, eh?

It's all so silly on hindsight. And I'm sure I will be looking back on today and think that I'm being silly right now, too, in ways that I cannot even perceive yet. Probably for spending so much time thinking and writing and deliberating. Previously I was performing to others. Now I'm performing to myself. Solitude adds a certain honesty to writing and thinking, which is good [2], but I think there's something beyond that... which is action, obviously. I should be taking a lot more action each day.

I'm still bumbling around, I'm still meandering, I'm still waiting for all my wounds to heal and for all my soreness to fade before I start taking massive action. But I know intellectually that the soreness never completely fades. The athlete has to play hurt.

So about the passage of time, adulthood and childhood. I'm thinking about Einstein, and how he accomplished his greatness by focusing a child-like curiosity upon physics with an adult's persistence and focus. Same for all sorts of high-performing innovator type folks that I really love. Take Da Vinci, for instance. He was clearly highly proficient, but he also had that child-like sense of wonder.

People tend to talk about this in a very simplistic sense... I don't often hear people talking about how HARD it is. To simultaneously be a child and an adult. When you're sick of being an adult, it's tempting to be completely childlike– to be irresponsible, short-sighted, pleasure-seeking. When you get burnt one too many times from childlike curiosity, play and exploration, it's tempting to be 'completely adult'– that is, straitlaced, dreary, boring.

The good stuff comes from doing both at the same time, being both at the same time, embodying the best of both worlds in a constant yin-yang fashion. Being at once the artist and the manager. Discipline with joy, curiosity with focus, wonder with verification, awe with persistence.

[1] In fact I think anybody who wants to be a rock star should take that as an indicator that they should probably sit for a long time and examine their own mind, and maybe spend some time in solitude away from humans if possible. Well– I think everybody should do that, but I have a suspicion (might be overgeneralizing) that people who want to be rock stars, who seek that sort of praise and validation... probably have something that they ought to examine. Or maybe I'm just projecting.

[2] I recently re-read that great piece in The American Scholar about 'Solitude and Leadership', and I really enjoyed it. It's interesting how I focus on different parts of it. When I first read it, I focused on the part about how students at top, elite universities were describing themselves as "excellent sheep", and I enjoyed feeling superior to them because I was a bad sheep. I'm bad at following orders and so on. But now I realize the critical thing is the later part of the essay– about learning to be responsible for your own decisions. About the courage to really distance yourself from the forceful sounds of the sea, and calmly figure out for yourself what is best.

This isn't easy. I used to think that I was thinking for myself when I was disagreeing with people. But disagreeing with people means that you allow them to set the agenda. You're defining yourself in opposition to others. Which is slightly better than defining yourself in alignment with others, because opposition forces you to come into conflict, and conflict can sometimes force you to think. But that's a narrow, shallow sort of thinking. You begin with the conclusion and then you think really hard about how to get there. That's not true thinking. That's not true independence. That's not freedom.

I think this is a vestigial habit from Facebook and other minimal-stakes social interactions. Hyperbole demands (but does not command [1]) attention. It's handwaving. It's the equivalent of raising your voice because you have a weak (or non-existent) argument.

It was how I was operating in a low-stakes, low-accountability environment. I was judging my 'performance' based on the Likes and Shares I was getting.

There are two problems with that, both connected. The first is the problem of silent evidence, and the second is that not all Likes and Shares are created equal. Short term "wins" in one area can be simultaneously sabotaging longer-term, bigger wins elsewhere. The unthinking brain doesn't differentiate. Thinking has to intervene if I want superior outcomes (which I will define as having a real impact on real things with stakes, outside of recreational outrage circles... may need more precision here. See and refine: What I Want).

I realized this when writing "sociopolitical commentary". You can get a lot of responses and reactions by pandering to populist sentiment, or by pandering to anti-populist sentiment- in both cases you're aligning yourself to some pre-existing group rather than thinking for yourself from first principles.[2]

I have since stopped writing commentary for now, because I was getting hooked on all the useless feedback, and I wasn't really making the world a better place. In the backburner of my mind, I'm developing ideas for writing that would be useful. I'm imagining that sociopolitical commentary should help people recognize the difficult decisions and tradeoffs that need to be made, and help to focus people on the most important priorities and next steps. But that's hard, and I don't yet have the ability to work on those things while simultaneously juggling my work and my primary writing project. Yet.

## What must I do to change this habit?

It's always easier to remove than to add. The first thing is to just avoid posting things mindlessly. I have successfully done this in some spheres of my life- I have less fruitless conversations with people I don't really respect about things I don't really care for. That much is (relatively) easy.

The harder next step is to have less fruitless conversations with people I DO respect about things I DO care about. And being more precise and rigorous and ruthless about who I respect, and what I care about. (This makes the problem less byzantine to solve.)

OK, even with fewer people and fewer topics, I'm still going to run into the same problem- hyperbole.

How do I address that?

The first thing that comes to my mind is to respect people's time. I would personally rather read "Hey Visa, this article talks about how to effectively use X to do Y, which you said you were interested in" rather than "Hey Visa this is the best article on X ever". [3]

The first is easier for me to slot into my to-do list, it's easier for me to decide whether I should read it or not, and it gives me more context for what I should be looking out for.

The latter is a little costlier- it might be interesting to learn what you define as "best", and there's a chance that you might be right and the article might actually be useful. But the first approach is clearly superior, so much so that I hope I find myself cringing if I ever neglect it. [4]

## What is the challenge?

So my challenge to myself is: whenever sharing something ANYWHERE with ANYONE, I should assume that people are really busy working on really important things, and that if I'm going to interrupt them (even asynchronously- it's still information in their feeds) I better have a really good reason, and articulate that well.

## Why am I doing this?

There are so many reasons to do this. It'll wean me off the addiction to populist response, which is a losing game / has diminishing returns. It'll make me a more reliable source of information to the high-value people who I want to surround myself with [5]. It'll make my thinking more rigorous, which is practically an end in itself, as well as means to all sorts of ends that I can’t even conceive of right now.

[1] Here I'm borrowing an idea from Elliot Hulse, who made a video talking about how you can either demand or command respect. (Related-ish link.) Demanding something doesn't mean you'll get it- in fact it often means you'll get the opposite. Or maybe you'll just people going through the motions (especially if you have some sort of power over them and they have no choice but to comply), but you don't earn the deep respect that's actually worth having. Commanding respect requires solid fundamentals that nobody can argue with. I would rather have the latter than the former. This requires hard work.

[2] I suppose this is part of the central challenge of running a media company, when you need $$ to stay afloat, and $$ often comes from advertising revenue and audience size. But I'm not running a media company, I'm just running my own brain. Though I suppose it's slightly interesting to recognize how the impulse to be populist exists even in individuals pursuing personal interests, without any clear profit motive. Makes it even clearer that running a good media business must be goddamn hard. I don't envy them.

-

[3] Here I'm reminded of an article by Xianhang Zhang about "the most useless forms of help". People already have thick reading lists, if you're going to add something to it, it better be good. I agreed with the article when I read it, so it's interesting to see that I'm still guilty of perpetuating the mistake.

-

[4] Here I find myself thinking about my own approach to writing blogposts for work, and my advice for content marketers. Readers are tired, busy and overwhelmed, so you should present them immediately with the most relevant information- what they should do, why, how, and show them an example. Give them concrete numbers and talk about implications right in the headline. Don't bury the lead. Initially this way of writing requires effort, but over time it becomes a new default way of seeing. Congratulations, you've leveled up as a communicator.

I don't deliberately do these for my word vomits, but it is something I think about. I would like to be able to write word vomits that meet my own strict criteria for what determines an effective piece of writing. But this project is focused on volume of output. I'm optimizing for a different thing. Still, I bet the two will converge. When I can sit down and spit out a vomit that's written with great communication principles, I will have leveled up again as a writer.

[5] I wrote in an earlier vomit that I find it a little sad that I’m not useful to the people I most respect and admire in the world– people working on really hard, really important problems. I would like to be useful to them. But there are a lot of intermediate steps between where I am now, and where I want to be. This is one of them.

Trouble sleeping, mind is refusing to power down.

Thinking about the last vomit, and how I didn't adequately answer the question of "why do I have a habit of using hyperbole in my communication". I said it was a vestigial remnant from my younger days, from operating in low-stakes, low-accountability environments. That is true. But why? Because it seemed to elicit more responses. But why did that matter? Because it felt good. But why? Because it gave me a feeling of significance, of relevance.

Intellectually, I recognize that this is illusory, but I suffer from dysrationalia. I do what isn't rational, because I don't take the time to think through my actions every step of theway. I'm a "problem cheap-validation-seeker" the way some people are problem gamblers.

Why do I want to feel significant? My first thought is- well, doesn't everybody? Don't we all want to be loved, appreciated, understood and so on?

Maybe. There might be exceptions. But even so- even if it's true that everybody wants to feel significant, why does my particular want manifest itself the way it does? Some people are content with the significance they get being good parents, and they should be. Most people probably were, for most of human history. Am I different? If so, how exactly?

"Significant" is a vague term. Everybody is significant in some way to something. I'm significant to my wife and my family and my cats. That somehow does not feel like it's enough to satisfy me. I'm significant to a close friend. That too does not feel like it's enough to satisfy me. Am I significant to people I'm friends with on Facebook? I'd like to hope so, but realistically that's a sort of weak significance... like having a somewhat nice TV show in your life. The West Wing was significant for me... but what does that even mean?

(This is frustrating.)

I think here it's getting clear that there's a 'spectrum of significance'. The most intensely significant things in human history might be things like, discovering electromagnetism. I think it's significant to have produced a TV show like The West Wing, maybe becaus I feel like it has a net effect on a lot of people. But the individual effect it has on a stray individual might not be all that great.

What exactly do I really want? I'm a cognitive miser. For all my talk about wanting to be a thinker, there are some things I don't think very much about. Which is frustrating. Because I seem to prefer to work with simple solved puzzles rather than work on the pressing unsolved ones. Solved puzzles are easy, familiar, reassuring. Unsolved puzzles are difficult, challenging, unrewarding UNTIL progress is made. But it's hard to anticipate when progress will come.

I've written about this before. I'm searching under streetlights here. I dropped my keys in the dark but I'm looking under the streetlight because it's easier to see. Sigh. Okay.

So let's walk into the dark with a lousy flashlight and see what we find.

Here's a sentence I'd like to start with:

I desire a feeling of significance, and in the absence of anything of real substance, I settle for bullshit and illusions.

So the question is, how do I make sure that I only derive significance from working on things that have substance? [1]

Well, first I have to define what substance means. I am a cognitive miser, so my instinct is to default to the path of least resistance. [2] If I'm just thinking "I want to feel significant", my impulse is to get involved with discussions on Facebook or reddit. This is suboptimal 99% of the time... or is it? If all I want is to feel significant then it's totally optimal! If all I want is to get through the day then cigarettes are quite awesome, too! In both cases I feel a sense of guilt and frustration bevause clearly I'm looking for more than just getting through the days. I've gotten through thousands of mediocre days.

So. What then? What is substance? What's actually significant? It feels almost laughably silly to try and answer this question but it's far sillier that I've gone through so much of my life without being more explicit about this. [3]

Let's give it a version 1.0 shot. Substance is... uh. Making a material difference to people's lives. I should focus primarily on my own. Substance is fulfilling responsibilities. Doing what I said I'd do.

And so here I have to ask myself: what are my responsibilities? What are my obligations? (And here I enter the realm of things I don't particularly want to make public right now- I'll write those things privately. It's surely better to fulfill obligations quietly than to proclaim them.)

I will concede though that I haven't always been fulfilling my obligations and responsibilities to the best of my abilities. Why not? I say and believe that I want to be significant. Well, nobody is more significant than a person who other people depend on. And the more people can depend on you, and the more they trust you, the more opportunities they give you to do even more! To be even more significant!

Well a painful re-realization lies ahead.

Someone once said people miss opportunity when they encounter it because it shows up dressed as work. The corollary here is that significance shows up dressed as responsibility.

And I have always been terrified of responsibility. I have a really, really bad track record when it comes to responsibility.

So this is the showdown, isn't it? What do I want more? To be truly, deeply significant or to play this elaborate, torturously teasing game of requesting significance and then running away from it when it shows up dressed as responsibility?

The truth is that there are real opportunities for significance all around me. I've just been too afraid to really engage them. So I run away. And I try to get people to like me in a superficial sense. And if they do that, then I can pretend that my deficiencies aren't so bad. I'm not an utter trainwreck. Which is a depressingly low bar to set. It's like being a seemingly-functional alcoholic, and saying "Hey, at least I don't beat my kids," to justify the alcholism.

What am I afraid of anyway? I fear being stifled and trapped. There's this old joke or saying about how the prize for being good at digging is a bigger shovel. That sounds terrifying to me. I feel like... it takes me enough effort as it is to function at my current capacity.

Intellectually I know that I could be doing more... but something is stopping me. And that something isn't physics- it's psychological. I could do twice as much work, write twice as many vomits (this I have actually been doing lately, so yay) and still have time left over to work out and read books WHY AM I NOT DOING IT? I don't mean to ask that in an angry violent way. It's more of a deep puzzlement at this Gordian knot in my psyche.

Let's start again.

I'm afraid of responsibility. Why? I worry I won't be able to handle it. (I think.)

I'm currently playing a role where I perform some of my responsibilities to a tolerable degree.

I want to be significant.

But I'm afraid that if I get better at fulfilling more responsibilities for a while, eventually I'll screw up and "regress to the mean" or something, and when that happens the disappointment will be greater, the cost/damage will be greater. [4] As I write this, I realize this is a worldview that doesn't adequately internalize opportunity cost.

Let's rewind a little. (We're going to tunnel through this and resolve it.)

Bad track record with responsibility, sure. Let's address that. There were many things I was unable to do when younger that I have since developed the ability to do as an adult. I was terrified of food preparation as a kid. I've cooked since.

So the question is, do I believe that I can grow into more than I am today? Because it feels like if I did believe it, this wouldn't be a problem. Grow, do more, do better, lift heavier weights, become more responsible, become more significant. Simple.

The problem seems to be that I doubt my own ability to grow. This is really sad. When I was a child I did believe quite sincerely that the world was my oyster. I was going to make video games and websites and go to Oxford or Cambridge and get rich. Somewhere along the line I started failing at things and I developed a toxic, negative attitude towards my failures. And I wasn't honest with myself about it. I pretended it wasn't a problem. I pretended that I didn't do well because I didn't study.

But as I write these word vomits everyday I'm starting to realize that I failed probably not because "I am a failure who can't do things", but because of some really simple things I was missing in plain sight.

- I can write way more when I write a little bit everyday than when I try to write a ton at one go. The simple solution to writing more is to write a little bit at frequent intervals, rather than try to write a ton all at once.
- I struggled with improving my 2.4km time because I was overstriding terribly, and my breathing was all wrong, and I didn't do interval training.
- I failed to get much stronger when lifting weights because of improper nutrition and rest.

My failures in these fronts aren't evidence that I'M a failure, they're merely opportunities to begin again more intelligently. And I will likely discover that I'll fail again, because of other variables I hadn't even considered. But that's good! I'll be getting closer!

I need to believe that I can learn and grow. That I can live life with a clear mind free from anxiety. It's not enough to just say "I believe it"- that's fleeting. I need to really embody it.

I want to be truly significant in ways that matter; that means I need to become stronger, fulfill my responsibilities and obligations above and beyond what people have come to expect from me. No- above and beyond what I have come to expect of myself. I am playing small with my own life, which is completely in contradiction with my stated desire to live large. No wonder I'm such an anxious mess. No wonder I have trouble sleeping and trouble waking up. No wonder I procrastinate. It's (partially) because of this huge Gordian knot right in the middle of my brain. Saying one thing, believing another, hoping another, acting another, and distracting myself hoping it'll all resolve itself, that one day I'll wake up and it'll all be clear.

I'm probably oversimplifying things right now as I write this. I'm feeling some sort of catharsis, right on schedule. This is something I have to be wary of. Because nothing has changed yet.

Significance comes from taking responsibility. I am afraid of taking responsibility because I do not fully believe that I can manage it. I'm worried that I'll fuck up, and so I deal by not-dealing. Which is itself a sort of slow, chronic suicide.

I have to decide and take decisive action about what is important, what is not important, what needs to happen and so on. (What needs to happen? I'll write that for myself separately.) I need to give myself a track record I can believe in.

Pause.

I feel like I must have skipped something, I must have left something out.

Let's work backwards. Am I now going to be a hyper-responsible person who fulfills all his obligations and then some? I want to say yes, but is it true? Just because I say Significance Requires Responsibility?

It's unlikely to be that simple. I should look for bugs and handwaving. Yes I want to be significant. But I'm also afraid of responsibility. Have I sufficiently allayed this fear? Do I no longer fear responsibility, because I said "Open Sesame"? It can't be that simple. I've set off feel-good chemicals in my brain which make me agreeable, but that is itself illusory.

What does taking responsibility look like, right now? Well... I should go to bed. Suppose I do that. What happens when I wake? I should go through my to do list and identify which are the real obligations/responsibilities, and screw the rest. I shouldn't spend more than 20 minutes on that. I should isolate the tasks that will most greatly increase my real significance. And I should make a sizeable dent in those. I know that I've been avoiding them somewhat.

Okay. I'm done writing this for now. But I will not rest easy. I am certain there are weak spots and followup questions.

[1] My intuition tells me that trying to approach this from a "let's weed out bullshit" pov is a losing game- I should instead have a clear, precise goal to achieve. The pursuit of achieving that goal should be the thing that gets me to weed out BS and illusions from my life.

[2] Nobody ends up atop a mountain by accident, or through wishful thinking, or through passion alone. Or even by thinking about it really long and hard, if the thinking doesn't turn into action.

[3] It probably stems from my discomfort with accountability and clarity. But I also know- truth-in-box- that life without clarity and accountability is painful and miserable. Eventually the reality I'm hiding from punches me in the face. I get punched over and over but I keep returning to the vague-fog.

[4] That's the cost of significance, Visa. And you should also think about opportunity cost. You don't feel the pain in your gut for all the responsibilities you never took. It's just a sort of ambient, wistful regret than you can commiserate with other regretful people about. Hell, people have spent their entire lives writing novels about that sort of regret. And you know they didn't exactly die happy. If nothing else, you should die happy. C'mon.

When I think about Integrity, the first thing I think of is about "core values" in schools. I remember always being very amused about them, how it felt like a bunch of cliches that we were expected to read off of. It felt like a mutually agreed upon fiction that everyone was supposed to go through the motions of.

This had the slightly unintended, negative effect of putting me off the idea of thinking about core values for a long time. I think it's because values are something that people should discover for themselves, within themselves. You can't just subscribe to somebody else's. You can take a bunch of ideas from elsewhere, read them, but you only internalize what makes sense to you, in your own language, on your own terms. At least, that's what I believe. Values are caught, not taught. You can't tell people how they should be– you inspire it through demonstration.

I'm looking back at my Junior College's values now: "Commitment. Perserverance. Independent Learning. Innovation. Integrity. Teamwork. Social Responsibility." I remember seeing them plastered on the walls of the school hall, and I remember inwardly laughing at how hollow all of them seemed. I was just revulsed in some way. It felt creepy, Orwellian.

Today I recognize that all of those values are good, useful, important things. But not because I encountered the words on a wall in school. Specifically I want to focus on Integrity, because it's something I never cared very much for until recently.

I used to think of myself as a very lackadaisical, devil-may-care, happy-go-lucky sort of individual. I was almost proud of the fact that I was generally irresponsible and unreliable. To me, it meant that I didn't belong to anybody (on hindsight: not even to myself). I was very appreciative of Kurt Cobain's quote, “I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.” I thought there was an integrity about that that I could believe in. [1] Unfortunately Kurt killed himself at 27, so we can't really ask him how that worked out for him. I wonder what he would've said about it if he lived till 50. After all, "I hope I die before I get old" Roger Daltrey and Pete Townsend are in their 70s now.

I've like the use of the word "integrity" to talk about ships. Hull integrity. The integrity of the hull has been breached. I actually think that's a great way of thinking about it when applying it to personal values. Integrity isn't some mystical, hifalutin, god-like attribute. It's really just about keeping your ship afloat. About keeping out BS. About being internally consistent, about not having leakages. You can't reliably fire a cannon from a tiny, leaky vessel.

Anyway. Over the years I've lost good friends and missed all sorts of opportunities that I might not have even been aware of, because of my inability to be responsible, accountable. I've written about this multiple times already. When I write about it, I typically come up with some rah-rah 'things are gonna change around here' statements. But things haven't changed nearly as much as I'd like them to. And maybe I need to frame the problem a little bit differently.

Here's what I'm starting to realize. Life is exhausting without integrity. It's so much simpler if I simply do what I say I'll do. I don't have to spend any time constructing excuses or explanations for why things don't get done. I don't have to face people with a queasiness in my stomach, I don't have to stare at my feet and be embarrassed at how I'm failing to meet my responsibilities and obligations.

And perhaps more importantly– it allows for better conversations. The worst thing about having a conversation with an unreliable person is having to repeatedly ask them if they're on track, if they remembered this, if they'll do what they say they're going to do. I've experienced this when dealing with others like myself, and I realize it must be all the more annoying for people who have to deal with me. For all sorts of reasons.

What do I want to get at with this vomit? That I don't need to actually care about archaic, historic meanings. I don't really need to dive into scholarship of ethics and Socrates and Plato and such (though I do know Seneca, Plutarch, etc have some pretty good things to say about this...)

Um... I guess this didn't really need a vomit's length to say. I just wanted to say that I think integrity is not just important (in whatever grandiose moral sense) but really useful. It's like being systematic when you're looking for a lost object– if you look very carefully through a room, starting with one corner, one drawer, etc, then you can systematically rule things out and reduce amount of area that you haven't checked (rather than going on a random rampage around the house trying to find it.)

It's kind of interesting to think about how this relates to sorting algorithms.

Uh. I guess this is one of those "filling out the numbers" vomits.

[1] I recognize now that that's an oversimplistic idea, at least when taken by itself. "Who I am" is a nebulous concept. You can be yourself and still be liked. Just because people hate you doesn't mean you're somehow doing something right. It's a rah-rah statement that isn't actually all that useful in figuring out what to do with your life.
I wasn't satisfied with the last vomit and I'd like to think about why that is the case.

I think it's because I spent a lot of time trying to describe my starting conditions. I think I should attempt instead to summarize my starting conditions as succinctly as possible.

In the context of word vomits, it's very tempting and easy to keep rambling on describing starting conditions. They're already internalized, and I just need to talk about them. So I go on and on for as long as I can, and hope that something useful will come out of it. This is a valid strategy for approaching word vomits, but one that I'm getting a little bit tired of. So I'd like to think about what I'd prefer to do.

What happens after quickly summarizing starting conditions? Let's take that last vomit. How would I summarize it? "I grew up thinking concepts like "integrity" were lame, and sort-of rebelled against them. It wasn't very useful or effective towards any end. I'm starting to realize now that integrity is actually really useful, because it allows for efficiency. If you can trust a tool, you can focus on the task at hand. Not having integrity means not exactly being able to trust yourself."

There we go. The above paragraph is the entire previous vomit, distilled.

Where would I have gone from there? I'd have asked myself, well, what's interesting? What are the interesting questions that I should be asking?

How do I improve my own integrity? How do I get better at doing what I say I'll do? How do I reduce the amount of time I waste running over the same old ground, over and over again?

Those are questions I don't have immediate answers to [1], so addressing them is probably a good idea.

How do I get better at doing what I say I'll do? There are a bunch of first steps.

- First, avoid saying that I'll do anything that I can't actually do. Make as few promises as possible until I get the hang of doing everything I say I'll do.

- Make everything I say I'll do, highly visible. Trello boards. Post it notes. In my notebook. (Here there's a task to be made for thinking about how to do this better.)

- Peg an estimated time cost to everything that I say I'll do.

- Write down why I'm doing something. Why does it matter to me? What is the desired outcome? Who or what does it help?

- Write down what I need to have before I can do it. What are the moving parts? What are the black boxes that need to beilluminated?

- Go through the list of things that I've already said I'll do. If there's anything that can be done in a couple of minutes, I should do it. If there's anything that's not really worth doing, I should get rid of it. Classic GTD, isn't it?

- Daily reviews. How do I make sure I keep up with them? I should add a task to my daily rewire app that I've been using quite consistently. I have to buy the upgrade if I want to add more tasks that I'm already using. It's only $6. I've been using it regularly. Done, buying it now. Done.

Ugh, this all really just feels like I'm running the same old ground over and over again, to be honest. Do I really need to write another vomit about this? Wasn't there a meta-point I was trying to make about how I get caught up writing about starting conditions? Here I'm writing about the basic steps I need to take, the prescriptive stuff. I already know these things, so why am I writing about them again? Because I need a reminder? Fair enough, I guess, but there's something inelegant and repetitive about this process. I've written before that if repetition is what is necessary, then that's what I'll do, but I'm starting to think that the repetition isn't enough. I can't just keep walking the same old ground.

I think what's really happening here is this: I'm not supposed to be writing right now. I'm forcing myself. I'm distracting myself. There's something else I should be doing. I should be working on, well, work. Or if I'm taking a break from work, then I should be doing something else rather than writing another vomit. I should be doing the bookkeeping of these vomits instead, if I'm determined to be doing some work here. I guess I'm writing this second vomit because I felt like I didn't like the last vomit, and I wrote that one because I need to write a vomit every day, and because it was about something that was vaguely on my mind.

It probably would've made more sense to write vomits that I've listed for myself in my todo list. Oh well. I'm not in the mood to write another vomit after this, not right now. So I'll just spend maybe 25 minutes doing a v1 of a sort of big picture sweep/overview.

[1] I wonder, though, if I've addressed these questions before earlier in my word vomits? Lately I'm starting to realize that it's getting likelier and likelier that whenever I find myself troubled by some thought, I've actually already thought about it before. I just haven't internalized it fully. Thinking about it again from the start seems slightly wasteful. If I had a better tagging/searching system, if I had a smart system that could surface to me "you're writing X, you've written about it before here", that would be really awesome. But for the time being I'm going to have to be that system. Right now I make sure I write at least one word vomit every day. This is my second of the day. I should probably then spend some fixed amount of time going through my existing vomits and putting them into neat and tidy categories, so that I can find relevant writing on whatever it is I'm thinking about.
So... what are the changes that need to happen?

I think the most important things are– I need to plan my days. I need to have daily reviews at the beginning and end of each day. I need to have a more deliberate routine after I wake up, and a more deliberate routine after I get to work, and in both cases I need to make sure that I'm prioritizing what's important to me.

I've written about this many times... for these things to work I need to have some sort of stakes. I need to see very clearly how it's going to make my life better. To get a bit meta– I don't really feel like doing a word vomit right now. I'm tired. It's late. I'm writing anyway because this project is important to me.

Ugh, something about that sentence bothers me. I know, I know, actions are all that count, good intentions aren't very useful. Good intentions are wisps, imaginary, weightless. I have good intentions about writing 1,000,000 words, and I'm executing on that intention every single day. I also have good intentions about helping to grow my company at work, but somehow that's something I'm not making as much of a difference to. I'm putting in the word every day, but not with the same sort of persistence, not with the same sort of intensity.

I don't believe that it's simply a matter of how badly I want it. I'm pretty sure I want to be successful at work every bit as much as I want to successfully complete my word vomit project. I think the disparity between the two really, really boils down to how I'm managing the respective projects. The 1000 word vomit project is beautifully designed– so simple, so elegant. 1000 words a day, that's it. It's irrefutable.

In contrast, what I need to do for work is far more nebulous. There are many more such tasks. What I need to do is to associate my work with something as discrete, as specific and irrefutable as writing a word vomit.

Here's what I'm thinking. For a period of time I was using a spindle, both at work and at home, to keep track of tasks that I was doing. Everytime I did a task, I'd write it on a post-it pierce it on the spindle. But after a while I started to feel less strongly about the spindles. They were "diluted", because I was piercing all sorts of simple things like "did the dishes". A year's worth of doing the dishes isn't really an accomplishment worth celebrating. It's not a stretch goal.

I definitely enjoyed the spindle while I was using it. So I think I should be able to re-create that habit. So here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to restart both the spindles– at home and at work. The goal is to start a streak of having daily reviews. I've been doing work reviews at the end of the day– this is too reactive. I should be more proactive. I should plan my tasks at the start of the day, using my stated priorities as a guide. If I just work on 3 things that are at the top of the list– whether they're all sub-tasks of the highest priority thing, or it's one sub-task per each of the top 3 things, then I'd have earned the right to pierce a task on a spindle. And I'll attempt to have a streak of 100 post-its pierced on the spindle.

Am I missing something here? I'm not as excited about this as I ought to be. When I first conceived of the 1,000 word vomits project, I remember being insanely excited. It was so clear that it was going to be something magical to overcome. 100 work plans somehow doesn't feel the same. It's something that I should do, I know, but I have a long list of things that I should do. What's something that I really, really, WANT to do? Something exciting? That I could tie together with my daily plans?

I need to remind myself why it's important, what happens when it works, what happens when it doesn't work.

And maybe I should just commit to making August a great month. When I'm done with this month, July would've been short of 1 day to have been a perfect streak of word vomits. I intend to have August have a perfect streak. Might as well have daily reviews to accompany it. The Perfect Month. That's something that's pretty exciting. That's something I feel like I can get behind.

I might be wrong, I might change my mind. One thing I've been innoculated against in these vomits is making overly grand promises, because I don't know what I can or cannot do. But I intend to try. A perfect streak in August it is, then. Well planned, well-rested. Let's do it.

[1] I was just tweeting about language and tech and media this morning, and I got that out of my system. But I don't really want to sit down and write essays about it. Essays are for proper exploring... and I'm not in the mood for exploring 'the stars' when I haven't explored the area in my immediate vicinity.

Also, "I don't feel like I have the right to" and "I don't have anything interesting to say right now" is a passing mood. It's interesting to observe. It's a function of how I'm feeling at a given time. And this isn't my dominant state, obviously. It's interesting to think about how I feel this way. I suppose it's because it's after feeling a little unproductive.
My subconscious doesn't seem to grasp the idea that I've done over 400 vomits. I write "242" instead of "422", and yesterday "340" instead of "430". It's amusing.

I had a conversation with a colleague yesterday, and I was discussing my general akrasia and (relative) unproductivity. And he said something that hit me particularly hard, in a good way.

He asked how I typically start my day, and how I manage my time, to which I admitted that I typically don't really start on my top priority tasks until the later half of the workday. [1] He matter-of-factly noted, I paraphrase, "So the things that you say are a priority to you aren't actually a priority?"

Which, if I resist any attempt to explain away, I realize must be true. I mean, it might be an oversimplification, there might be something in the way, blah blah blah, but ultimately reality doesn't give a shit, and from reality's point of view, if a person says something is important but nothing happens about it, it's not important.

Uhh. I feel like I've walked over this ground many, many times before. With repetition, these ideas are closer to the forefront of my mind, or they're more a part of my thinking than before (when they were truth-in-boxes). But if progress is still elusive (and to be fair, I have made a bunch of progress. I'm just constantly trying to be more effective, to do more.)

I guess the challenge here is to hold contradictory ideas in my mind. (I'm stealing this idea from Adulthood Is A Scary Horse.) What I'm doing right now is jumping between them, back and forth, without quite holding both in my head at the same time.

If I say that something matters to me, and I'm not doing something about it, that means I'm blocked in some way, and I should identify that blockage and remove it. After all, if that something really matters to me, it's worth doing, right?
If I say that something matters to me, or I talk about doing something that matters to something beyond myself, and I'm not doing something about it, that means that for all practical purposes, the world will interpret it to mean "it doesn't really matter to him, he's just saying it".

Brain in your head, feet in your shoes. If they're not working in tandem, nothing makes sense and everything is crazy.

Uh, so what now?

It's interesting. I wanted to go to bed early last night and wake up early. But at about 11pm, I felt a strange compulsion to pick up this 1000-part connect the dots puzzlebook that my wife has, and I sat down and starting connecting. I tried to be disciplined about it and connect 1-2-3-4 and so on, and I did that up to about 100. And then I started skipping around, which is a great way to make sure that you have to subsequently trouble yourself going over earlier spaces multiple times to make sure that you didn't miss anything.

Once I started, it was like a challenge to myself to complete it in a single sitting. And I did, I completed it. I persisted. Was that something to be proud of? Uh. Again, it's like being really good at your 2nd highest priority. It's a sort of pyrhhic victory. I can acknowledge that I made progress on something, but if it's not on my highest priority, I'm sort of wasting my time. I'm being suboptimal. And being optimal is a valid option here, so where I can I should pick that valid option.

Also, minor lesson learnt in a visceral way– if there's an order to be followed to prevent double-work, follow that order. Unless I have a really, really good reason for screwing around, apart from "let's screw around and see what happens". [2]

Anyway, the point is... I went to bed later than intended. But I woke up at 7am when my alarm went off. In contrast, my alarm also went off yesterday when I had some time-sensitive work I wanted to, but I went right back to bed.

There's a really important question in there that I need to figure out the answer to. Why is it that sometimes I can't wake up even when I'm trying to will myself to wake up, in a very deliberate sense, and yet sometimes I can lightly think about waking up, and then react so 'positively' to the alarm? (My definition of "positive" is still a rather bleary-eyed, fumbling sort of thing. Unlike Bear Grylls, who apparently calls his alarm clock his "opportunity clock".)

Anyway, I suppose for the time being I should just try to repeat what happened.

Also: Writing word vomits are important to me, so I write them everyday. Prioritizing my work is important to me too, and I'm going to do that every day too from now on. There are some next steps there to make sure I stick to it, I'm adding that to my to-do.

[1] I tend to spend a lot of the start just flaffing around, doing less-important tasks. I have all sorts of explanations and justifications in my head– maybe I'm not warmed up yet, or maybe I work better in the evening... but I also know that none of these explanations are iron-clad. They're all after-the-fact, made up. And the fact that I'm not as productive as I want to be has bothered me, even if nobody's talking to me about it. I know this. I think about it all the time. (Which is unproductive... at least until I finally do something about it.)

Here I find myself thinking of Dr. Seuss's "Oh, the places you'll go!". "You have brains in your head and feet in your shoes," he wrote. I find myself thinking... the brains-in-your-head part isn't a problem. It's the feet-in-your-shoes bit that usually get me. I don't have that practical, bodily intelligence of 'moving my feet'. Extraverted Thinking, in MBTI terms. I should probably read the whole thing and maybe do a vomit/review of it.

[2] UNLESS "screwing around" is a completely valid option– that is, I somehow happen to have a chunk of free time and I'm more interested in screwing around than completing something. But this is becoming less and less probable– I spent a lot of my life screwing around, and so I feel like I've learnt a lot of what there is to be learnt about screwing around. In contrast, I have a lot to learn about completing things. So I should more often than not prioritize completing things. This may change one day. I will know when it does.
I'm not sure when or how exactly I was triggered to write about this, but it's been obviously something that's been on my mind for months and months now, maybe a year. Clarification: I've been fixated for over a decade. I've been progressively bothered about that fixation for a couple of years, and the past half a year or so feels like it's leading up to some sort of climax. What I'm imagining is– either I can try to let it all go from where I'm standing (which feels like a rational, drama-free approach), or I can really lean into it and fixate on the fixation, go meta and go crazy until the whole thing sort of collapses under its own absurdity. I'll be honest, I've always romanticized the latter idea. There's a sense that you get some nice art out of it. Or at least terrible neurosis. Wasn't that the deal for all the suicidal Russian novelists? I don't know, I'm just being silly here.

I guess I was in the shower and I was thinking, man I'm tired. And I've been thinking that for a long time. And some people joke that adulthood is about always being tired. But I don't buy that. I've seen people who don't look it. And there are different kinds of tiredness, too. There's the general exhaustion you get from pushing yourself, but that's different from the chronic stress of playing constant catch up. And frankly that's how I felt through most of school (god, really? in a post about fixations? lmfao).

I wish there was a simple an easy way to visually represent feelings and ideas. Words don't cut it. That really means I'm going to have to learn to draw. Things don't quite seem real until they are spatially visualized. I mean, and this is coming from a person who writes a ton, who loves reading and writing. I mean, when we're trying to convey concepts. Describing a cylinder as "radius of x and height y" isn't as compelling as when you see for yourself how it looks like when drawn.

What am I talking about? What is it that I want to draw? I just want to feel like I have a grasp of my life. To feel like everything is reasonably well represented. I keep feeling like a pile of messy filing cabinets. I should be able to get rid a lot of that stuff, I don't want to be sentimental about those things anymore.

No, what do I want to draw?

This vomit and the last are a little disassociated I think because of sleep deprivation. The thoughts aren't coherent, they're sort of... scattered. Which might be interesting to read later.

What do I want to draw? Graphs? Models? Flowcharts? What? Why do I constantly feel like there's something that needs revealing that hasn't been revealed yet? What will be the manner in which it is revealed? Will it be solved when I complete the word vomit project? No, not after merely having written 1,000,000 words, I don't think so. There will still be editing that needs to be done afterwards. I will still need to make sense of it all, to identify trends and themes. Should I wait until the end to do that? I think not. I think I will be making attempts along the way. If I write at least one word vomit every day, I could afford to set aside some time on the weekends to process them.

What am I trying to find? I'm trying to reduce the gap. There's this messy, convoluted gap that my mind has to cross between my intentions and my actions. This gap isn't just a short simple hop– it's more a complex puzzle of sorts. Maybe. I think.

Uhuh, then what? How do we fix it?

Do I need drawings to remind myself what I care about? It feels like I need to remove steps. The whole thing is a little too byzantine. (I've been using that word a lot lately, but it's used properly.)

Well... what is the gap? I should maybe go through the article by Scott Young that I was reading. It's not that he's got anything magical to say, it's all the basic fundamental plumbing stuff that I was working on. But I need to take that stuff and make it more visceral. I need to take my statements of intent and make them intense. I need to make it such that it's crazy if I don't do what I say I'm going to do. I already know that this is true, but this knowledge isn't sticky, it isn't constantly at the front of my mind.

So it's a kind of marketing challenge, a kind of storytelling challenge, a sort of design challenge. I already know all the problems, I already know all the solutions. Intellectually. In the brain. I need to translate that information in a way that my feet can understand it, and I need to transmit and communicate that information across my nervous system. Metaphorically speaking.

Well, how do I do that? Do I even know how to do that? I'm not sure. I've only properly done it with regards to these vomits, it seems. These vomits are the only thing that I've really managed to overwhelmingly persuade myself to persist with.

I was re-reading Tobi's keynote recently and I was in total agreement with everything. And I was reading the Adulthood Is A Scary Horse post and I was in total agreement with that, too. But again, all of that is in the brain. Writing vomits is largely a brain activity (although it takes feet to get started, and to type the words as they come, but this is largely an automatic process for me.) If progress seems slow, it's because I'm looking at the brain rather than examining the feet. (And examining the feet is a brain activity, so there's a sort of funny elegance to the whole thing.)

Now I will leave for work, and when I get there I'm going to buy a cup of coffee, and drink that coffee while going over my plans for the day.

Oh, back to the original title. I find it annoying that I'm so fixated on my past. I can always revisit it if I want to, but the fixation is vexing. I need to let go. And I suppose in a way I have, just by being a little disassociative. I can always grab the next thread. Let's go.
I'm recognizing an increasing need, or feeling of need, to re-read my vomits and to start editing them properly. This feeling has always been there in some shape or form, but it's getting stronger.

The original end-goal of the project was to complete 1000 vomits of 1000 words each, yes. That was the vaguest, simplest possible imagining of the goal of the project. But I knew in advance that the pursuit of such a project would have me encountering sub-goals that I had not and could not possibly anticipate. [1]

I think the biggest mistake about these vomits so far is a lack of proper bookkeeping. Of tagging and categorizing. I tried doing a little bit of it in the early stages, but it seemed premature at the time, so I avoided it. But I should have revisited it periodically. So that's project management failure on my part. I have since learnt (mostly from colleagues, actually!) of the importance of periodical reviews. Things don't seem different from day to day, but over weeks and months things can change quite dramatically, and it's important to review them to make sure that you're still aware of what's going on, that you're still in control.

So... what are the next steps for the 1000wordvomits project? I'm going to continue writing a post a day, because I feel like that's the minimum commitment I can and should give to writing.

The next step is to add a read-old-vomits component, a catalogue-old-vomits component, a summarize-old-vomits component. And I can't stop the project just to do those things, because then I'll be stuck. I have to do them all at the same time.

Let's go back over the origins of the project.

Initially, the goal was to have written a large volume.

Then I learned that it's stressful and tedious and frustrating and annoying to try to write only in passionate bursts, so the goal was refined to include "write at least 1 vomit every single day." [2] This made it easier for me to estimate when the project will be completed, and it reduced the unproductive self-flagellation I'd experience when I'd go days without having written.

So now I'm writing at least one vomit every day. With a single exception, I've done this for all of the last month. (And I've had several days where I've written more than 1 vomit a day, so the month of July 2015 has been the single most productive month for the entire word vomit project.)

Now. So far we've been talking about quantity of output. The original vague goal was to complete a quantity of writing. But buried in that goal was the assumption that quantity inspires quality. This vomit that I'm writing now is a manifestation of me validating that assumption. The quality does arise partially by itself– meaning, sheer volume of writing does inspire the subconscious to get better at writing. But if the goal is to become a better writer, I should do more than just quality. I should also make the "improve quality" bit deliberate and conscientious. I didn't want to do THAT too early, because as I wrote in Letter To A Young Songwriter, there's no point trying to be good when you don't know what good is yet.

I still won't pretend that I know what good is. But I know what not-good is, at least for the context of these vomits. I know that there will be some duds in the vomits that follow this one, but I would like there to be as few as possible. I would like to systematically eliminate not-good as much as possible. As my boss described, "pick the least-shitty option".

And I'm now acutely aware that– if I keep going the way I've been going, I'll be stuck in a bit of a cycle that doesn't break a ceiling that I want to break. What is this ceiling? It's when I keep repeating myself over and over again. I'll naturally cross the threshold through sheer volume, sure, but what will take 2000 vomits might be condensed in 500 or less if I review what I've already done and isolate the good bits and the bad bits, and double down on the good bits. I have asked good questions in some of my earlier vomits that I haven't answered yet. I should go back and answer those questions. I have made mistakes in earlier vomits that I will repeat, if I don't become aware of them and teach myself to avoid them.

So again. I'm going to keep the word vomit project running by writing at least 1 vomit a day. The next thing I need to do is to add a component where I read, summarize and catalogue old vomits. Previously I was doing this 10 vomits at a time. I was thinking that this isn't really all that useful an approach, but maybe I should just continue with that and complete that anyway. At 10 vomits a day, it would take me 40 days to catalogue/summarize all the vomits I've written so far– in a way that I still find a little suboptimal. But that's fine, it'll still be progress. And I might approach those summaries in a new way. Once THAT is done, or as I'm doing it, I'll also start shaping the "sequences" or "buckets" of similar/related ideas. I'll tag them.

[1] If writing a novel was as easy as deciding to write a novel, then loads of people will have written novels. It doesn't happen because there are all these intermediate things that have to be done, that are difficult, tedious, unpleasant.

When you start writing without a plan, you're going to run into dead ends. Even when you DO have a plan, you're going to run into dead ends, but then you're slightly better equipped to back out and find another path to your goal. Or you might simply plan in advance to walk randomly and then back out of dead ends when you encounter them (that's quite similar to the 'plan' for these vomits so far).

[2] Life lesson alert!
I'm getting tired of writing about the thoughts on my mind the way I've been doing for the past 400 vomits or so. (Somewhere between 30% of the time to 70% of the time. I'm not sure, I haven't exactly been tallying this carefully.)

Part of this is straight up boredom. I'm tired of reading the same old shit. And even now as I write this I'm recalling that I once wrote a vomit titled "sick and tired of being sick and tired" or something to that effect.

But I think the more important part is– I'm starting to recognize the thoughts of my mind as products of my past. They're sort of... legacy issues. I'm still thinking old thoughts, in an old way, somehow. They're suboptimal.

A part of the motivation of doing these vomits was the belief that I'd have a bunch of written thoughts that I can subsequently analyze and make sense of, and do therapy with myself. I think the first part of that goal has been achieved– I think I have a large enough body of work about my own thoughts that's ripe for me to analyze. I just haven't really done the analysis yet, which I am now committing to doing concurrently as I write 1 vomit a day.

While that's going on, I think there's also a sort of 'dangerous' situation where– the more I talk about my old thoughts, the more I keep them active and alive. When you truly quit smoking, for example, you shouldn't be spending all your time talking about smoking. You should be pretty much indifferent to them if possible. They shouldn't bother you, you shouldn't need to care about them. Maybe I'm being overly idealistic here.

So... for the time being, my old thoughts are in semi-cold storage. I won't indulge them by recreating them over and over again by writing about them over and over again. I might write some meta-analysis about the older vomits.

Well, I don't know. As always, I never quite seem to be sure of what I can trust myself with, of what I can promise myself. This is something that needs to change.

I was quite productive at work today. I was making a deliberate effort to measure and manage my time throughout the day. It was interesting. I took longer than I thought I would've (to write a substantial blogpost). I suppose on hindsight that's completely unsurprising. I chronically overestimate my own ability to do things that I haven't done before.

Ugh, even now I feel like I'm just writing stuff I've said before. I know, I know, everything is a remix. I was just thinking earlier as I was in my kitchen about how I'm either going to answer the questions I've raised in past vomits but haven't answered yet, or go all out different and maybe start writing short stories and fiction within this very word vomit project. I haven't quite figured out what I want.

Deja vu– the last time I tried to figure out what I wanted while putting myself on the spot in the context of a vomit, I was stuck, too, but I ended up writing dialogue for the next few vomits after that. I think that was in the early 300s. What will I do this time? My subconscious will think about it. But yes, let's make that a rule. I'll go through my old questions, answer all those old questions, but beyond that I'm really going to try not to bother writing all these...

Uh, again halfway through a sentence I find myself thinking that doesn't quite feel right. Groping and stumbling everywhere. We'll find our way through.

I know it's not in my place to write big grand theories of the world and so on. I'm actually not all that interested in Singapore's general election 2016, while I was so crazy about 2011. Why? Am I for real when I say that? Will I flip flop about this once the election actually comes? I don't know, but it'll be interesting to witness. I don't think I'll be writing blogposts the way I did back in 2011, unless there's some issue where I feel like I have a unique and valuable perspective that I can share with minimal effort on my part, that would make a difference to people.

But even that's really just entertainment and distraction rather than some sort of civic duty. Saying things like "my country needs me" is not very verifiable. I mean... sure, my country needs me... I don't know, man. Everything is made up. Everything is imagined. Reality is that which remains when you stop believing in it. So what do I believe? I don't know what to believe anymore. What do I care about? I don't know what to care about anymore. The last time I felt myself thinking these thoughts, I was feeling really down, really in a funk,  almost depressed. This time I'm thinking these same thoughts but with a light, airy sort of indifference. There's a space for me to navigate around all of this, and I can do whatever I want. BUT I'm limited by all these basic silly little appetites and bullshit. I'm limited by my constant craving for useless information.

Why is it that if something is true, or real, I have some sort of impulse to go and share it with somebody else? Why can't I just embody whatever is true, and enjoy whatever is real and true, for myself, and show it through my work? I think I can. I just haven't gotten around to it yet. I'm just overexplaining myself because I like the sound of my own voice, maybe. Which I'm sure is something I've said before. And is always rather ironic to bring up in the context of a writing project. I'm not going to stop my writing project until it's done, so at worst we're going to have another 550,000 words of me talking about how much my talk is worthless.

Well, if that really turns out to be the case, I'm sure it'll put me off worthless talk for the rest of my life. Whatever. I've committed to this and I'm seeing it through. There will be serendipitous good things coming out of this that I can't anticipate yet. And even if not, fuck it, there are stupider things to commit to.

Ayy lmao.
I feel a little funny writing this, because it's probably something that I should write for myself, personally, rather than something that I write about in a semi-public way. (I call these vomits semi-public because they're not very accessible. They don't get a lot of hits, and I like it that way for now.) To quell that, I'll write something else entirely for me in private. But in the meantime, this is what's on my mind, and one thing I've learnt is– if there's something on my mind and I'm not writing about it, I can't seriously write about anything else.

So. I've been reading The Fountainhead, and I'm halfway through. It's interesting. I get it, I understand why some people are crazy about it and why more people are crazily against it. (It's quite meta. The book is about an architect who's relentless about his ideals– which some people love, and most people hate.) There are a bunch of valid criticisms about the book– it might be a bit oversimplistic. The characters might be a bit predictable, simplistic, and a little humorless. Ayn Rand sets up strawmen to knock down in a really nice, orderly way.

But I believe Rand wasn't claiming to describe reality as it is (which I think Honore de Balzac did a much better job with, with Lost Illusions). She was trying to put forth a vision, her personal ideal of how man should be, or might be. And I can respect that as an intellectual pursuit, as an exercise in hypothetical thinking. Such thinking and projections can be really useful thought experiments. That's the lens that I'm choosing to read this book through. Rand is making a bunch of propositions, which may not necessarily correspond perfectly to reality (and now I'm thinking of the Ender's Game series, which is similar– a bunch of characters who behave with almost supernatural efficiency. And can't the same be said for Aaron Sorkin's characters?)

That's what fiction does, isn't it? It shows us what is true by exaggerating things out of proportion, by using unusual circumstances, fringes, borders, etc etc. It doesn't have to be immediately, directly true to be useful.

Anyway.

So the interesting thing for me about The Fountainhead is how its protagonist– Howard Roark– behaves. I've read a bunch of books by now, lots of different characters, lots of different ways of exploring different minds. But there's something slightly different about Roark. It's a sort of intense, relentless fixation on self-respect. He has his personal beliefs, his view of the world, his view of what is acceptable and what is not– and he lives by those principles as perfectly as he can. What's interesting is how he navigates conflict with other people. He doesn't enter some sort of difficult moral conflict as protagonists often do. He doesn't debate internally. His decisions are practically pre-made. He walks into difficult situations with his decisions pre-made, and he's calm and unfazed and this calm threatens and frustrates the people around him. His dramatic foil is his childhood friend who, while successful, is hooked on the opinions of others. He derives his validation from others.

Rand turns this into an extreme black and white affair. There are a few people who truly have self-respect, who are truly principled, who really care. And everybody else is shamefully deficient in some way. [1] You can see how this must be really exciting to brooding, overthinking young teenagers. And how it might seem outright wrong or dangerous to others. Blah blah.

I think it's important to view it through the lens of "This is a thought experiment." When we do thought experiments, we distort, twist, exaggerate, amplify and dramatize things for effect. In a sense, we all have a little bit of all of the characters inside all of us.

Anyway, again.

The point I want to get to is– what I think has been interesting, compelling and useful for me. And that is the fictional idealism of Roark's intense self-respect. What will life be like if you strongly, clearly know exactly what you want, and don't give a fuck about anything else but getting that? What is life like if you refuse to allow other people's input to sully your thoughts and perspectives? What is life like if you refuse to compromise on anything that really mattered to you?

Of course, realistically, it's not quite possible to do that unless you're wired a little differently from everybody else. Or is it? We probably wouldn't be able to turn into Howard Roarks just by reading about him, and I'm not sure if it's realllly worth it even if it were possible.

But is there something I can learn from him? I think so. By embodying a sort of extreme, fierce, radical self-respect, by extension, he's gotten me to think about what my personal equivalent of that would be like. I mean, I've read all of the Ender's Game sequence, and I do appreciate Ender's perspective and thoughtfulness and insight and maturity... but there's something quite different. There's something about Ender's mind that is left a little unexplored, I think. Doing a proper comparison will take a lot more effort than a throwaway word vomit. It might be this– Ender is constantly trying to survive in his environment, and he's trying to do right by others, within a context of a very large, looming existential threat. Roark on the other hand isn't under nearly as much of an existential threat (though he might disagree). He has more of a "spiritual" problem– his context is closer to Lucien's from Lost Illusions.

I guess the question I've been posing to myself at the back of my head is– what does self-respect look like, to me? What do I need to do to earn my own respect? Why have I not thought about this earlier?

I will answer those questions privately for the time being, probably.

[1] There are a couple of antagonists who haven't quite revealed all their cards yet, so they're kind of outside the scope of this until I read further. I wonder what Toohey is really all about, in the end. And that Gail dude. We'll see.
I've been observing with interest as the people around me have been writing long ass essays on Facebook, and getting into long ass arguments on Whatsapp and so on. I used to do it myself, and get really engaged and involved in that sort of thing. Now I have a sort of detachment from it. I'm wondering to myself now, what is it all for? What was it ever all for? What was I trying to do then, that I try not to do now? Why do others do it?

The first thing I'm thinking is that it must create some sort of feeling of significance– but again this is just me looking at the world through the lens of my own perspectives and ideas, and might be limited or wrong in some way. But I do remember how it felt to get a whole bunch of Likes on something I had written. And I do remember what it's like to argue fervently with someone. It grips you. It carries you away in a current of righteousness. It feels like whatever you're doing "matters", at least within the context of whatever you're doing. And in that moment, the rest of the world just sort of blurs out. I remember being late for appointments because I was too busy arguing with people on the Internet. I was deeply upset and offended that people were misinterpreting me, or getting me wrong somehow, and so on.

What's changed? I now recognize that people will always misinterpret you and get you wrong, but is that really a new realization? I now have bills to pay and more important work to do, that might be a big deal. I notice the essays are mostly written by younger people. Older people are too tired for that shit. Too busy for that shit. But some older people still, of course, share things that are silly or incendiary. And of course, if I go outside my own echo chamber and head into the comments sections of alternative news sites, there are hundreds of comments from grown men and women bitching about the state of everything. They could be right, but is that really the best use of their time? What is it all for?

We live, we die. What is it all for? Nothing more than whatever we choose to make of it, we know this. Well, what should we make? Whatever makes our hearts sing, whatever we're personally impressed by. The world may impress you from time to time, but there's nobody who's responsible for impressing you... except yourself. Right?

I don't feel depressed or empty or upset (which I did a few months ago, I think, when I was in a bit of a rut). I just have this interesting sort of detachment thing going on right now. What can I do with it? I can observe, I can analyse, I can notice things that might be useful to me later on.

Should I pay attention to what is going around me in the world? The news is not all that interesting. If there's anything really important, I hear it from other people eventually anyway. I should be working out, I know. Why? Because I respect that. I respect a person who works out. Two hundred pounds is always two hundred pounds, as Henry Rollins said. And I want to earn my own respect. So what's stopping me? What's stopping me from the pursuit of earning my own respect?

The word that comes to mind is "distraction". I wonder why that word over all the others. I don't want to blame my environment, or the Internet, and so on.

Bored. I get bored of writing about myself halfway through these vomits. It feels like it's a sign that I can't really go much further in this present state– that I'll need to move to get more information before I can do anything.

Distracted from earning one's own self-respect. Why? Task-aversion– actually doing the work is painful and hard, and it's tempting to put it off just a little, put it away just a little– and I have time-blindness, so what feels like a reasonable few minutes snowballs into hours and hours and the day is gone. So the simple lesson there is that I shouldn't put things off even if it seems like it's for a reasonable amount of time.

This is so stale and formulaic right now. I suppose I won't be able to write a good word vomit until I do more summarizing and combining of old things. What does "a good word vomit" even mean? It's when I explore something interesting or useful to me rather than repeat and rehash old things that I've already said before, in ways that are weaker than how I must've said them before.

But the important thing here is that I maintain my daily publish schedule. Duds are to be expected, and they are to be overcome. It's all just part of the process. Maybe I would've written a slightly better vomit if I had started strong right out of bed, or if I had thought about what to write while in the shower (I haven't showered yet, I'm still in bed but I was wasting some time on Twitter, FB, etc). No way to know within the context of this current vomit, but it's something to think about. I'll spend some time later summarizing more old posts so that I can get a nice big picture overview of everything I've written. Well... that will take about 30 days to be fully done with. So unless I can think of something useful to write, I'm going to have around 30 boring vomits? No– because I'll have triggered thoughts from summarizing any set of vomits at all. I suppose the important thing is to start with the summaries. And just answer old questions.

This whole thing is a bit of an amusing mess of not very much. But I'll leaning into it, rolling with it, and we're done
So that makes my life a little easier, it allows me to breathe a little easier. I mean, I already sort of guessed this– it was a prominent thought on my mind, which was why I finally sat down and started doing the reading and summarizing– but the actual reading is confirming what I had suspected.

So theoretically, if I just do all the reading (and I don't want to do it all at once such that it distracts from my work– rather, I do a little bit every day– technically a summary a day is 10,000 words of reading, but I read pretty quick because it's my own words and stuff that I've said and thought over and over again), I should be able to synthesize, compress and summarize everything in a way that's useful to me. I don't want to fall into the trap of thinking I'm going to be able to a do a single magical blogpost that achieves everything perfectly. Rather, I need to do little attempts that will probably fail, and then repeat those attempts. Remix them. All the building blocks are already on the floor, I've already emptied them out. Now I need to identify what they are, sort them into piles, and see what I can build with them. The end result will be a refactored mind, which will give me some peace and quiet. A stable base from which to grow.

I went for a run earlier today, which was good. I feel the endorphins clearing out my mind. When I'm done with this vomit I'm going to sleep. I'd be in bed with the lights out before 11pm. That's a new thing for me. That's great. I'd like to sleep and wake up early every day. My wife is out of town right now, so I have a month to myself where I'm really fully in control of my own schedule and my own environment. So I really have no excuse. And I don't want to look for an excuse. I want to take charge. I want this month to be the best month of my life so far. And I believe in myself, I believe that I have the power to make it so. I've spent the past 6 weeks being reasonably effective at work. That's a simple system that works for me, now I'm going to build upon that system.

I'm getting tired and sleepy, which is good. But I still have half a vomit to go.

I guess I'll take a few minutes to play with random things. Improv time!

I was listening to "sleep music delta waves" on YouTube, and now I'm listening to Sadhguru talking about stress and the renouncement of life. And I find myself thinking, it's so hard for me to stick to any particular ideology. I've read a bunch of different things, and completely different things– polar opposites– have resonated with me before, equally well.

Eat the flesh and spit the bones, I guess. I wonder if all these random things I've read and thought about will ever converge into some sort of coherent whole, or if I'm going to flit from thing to thing. I think it's important to try and synthesize things. A couple of vomits ago I wrote about something parallel to what I read from "Adulthood is a scary horse" on Captain Awkward– about how, if we're feeling stressed and underperforming and burnt out, or just inefficient, weak, useless– it's important to reconcile two very different things. One is that you need to be kind to yourself, and the other is that you need to work hard. You can't be harsh on yourself, that's counterproductive. At the same time, in the process of being kind to yourself, you can't ignore the fact that you need to do some really hard work. Oftentimes, I find myself flitting from one to the other.

And it seems like it's hard to progress without embodying both at the same time. There's a certain yin-yang element to it, or it's like putting pressure on something from two separate points. If I have just one or the other, it sort of deflates or fizzles out.

Similarly I wonder if that's to be the case with all other things– individualism and socialism, being inward and outward. I'm reading The Fountainhead now, and I appreciate it for the idea that it puts forward. I wonder if I would be a different person today if I had encountered it when I was younger. I wonder how my younger self would've interpreted it and its ideas. Would I have been crazy about it? I don't feel like it. I read too much as a kid to be too crazy about any one particular book. What book was I most crazy about when I was younger? I think 48 Laws Of Power was my first "truly eye-opening" book, and it's not like it turned me into some sort of scheming Machiavellian. It just made me more conscious of how easy it is to hurt and offend people without realizing, without intending. It made me realize how we can help and serve people instead of attacking them.

Eat the flesh, spit the bones.

Well, I'm pretty much dry for now, given the paltry amount of words left and my current state of mind. The best thing I can do is to just run this one out and go to bed, and I'll write more tomorrow. I'm actually looking forward more to the summaries. The writing will be secondary, at least until all the summaries are done, or I encounter something in the summaries that makes me want to write something specific. Adios~
I realize that I've written many vomits that circle around the ideas of what I ought to be doing, but it's never quite grounded or tied up the way I want. So I'm going to write a letter to myself assuming that I'm in a very difficult, overwhelmed situation.

First, stop. Whatever you're doing. You're probably on your computer or on your phone. Quickly save whatever it is you're doing– save draft, and then shut down your device altogether. You have too many things open, your mind is stretched, your eyes are probably hurting, it's probably late and you're tired. Whatever it is, you can't continue the way you are right now. Get up. Take a walk. Wash your face.

Now. What are you working on, what are you stressed about? Are you about to miss some deadline? Are you avoiding some task that's important? Write it down. Write down what you need to deliver, and why you're not doing it. It's probably because you're afraid of something, or you lack something. Write down the precise nature of your dilemma. Perhaps you have a tradeoff that needs to be made, that you're not comfortable making. Maybe you need to reach out to somebody, and you don't like doing that. Whatever it is, write it down.

Next, take stock of your physical and mental state. Are you physically burnt out? Are your eyes hurting badly? Can you think straight? Can you afford to call it a day? What's the worst thing that happens if you do? You don't necessarily need to call it a day, but write down what the outcome would be. It may be a reasonable choice.

Next. If you've decided that you want to double down and solve whatever's in front of you within the amount of mental time you have left, you may want to take a 20 minute nap, a cold shower and drink some coffee or redbull. Do some pushups. Modafinil. Whatever.

What's the minimum necessary for the task to be done? What's the intended end-state of whatever it is that you're working on? Work backwards from the end-state. There are usually a few big important things that need done, and the rest is just details that you can maybe fill in later if you really want to. The important thing is to get the big major parts right.

Suppose you're done, phew. You sleep, you rest, you recover. It's a new day. You've shipped whatever was crazy-critical that needed to be done. You're still swimming in the murky mud of unfinished tasks and unfulfilled obligations. You're going to have to prioritize to get ahead.

First– super quickly, don't spend more than a couple of minutes on this– what are your upcoming obligations? What are the meetings you have where you'll have to present things? Work backwards from there. What will be expected of you at those meetings? Figure out the minimum necessary to satisfice those meetings, and get those things done in order of whichever is most important. Break those things down into steps, and do them in 25-min pomodoro intervals.

When you're done with that, you can now breathe a little easy. Your next couple of meetings are going to go smoothly. Well done. Maybe take a walk. But don't be too quick to start surfing mindless crap on the Internet. Now might be a good time to take a meditation break, to calm your mind and think about what's the next most important thing you need to do. Are there other people who are depending on you for things? And what are your top priorities right now? List out those things in a quick order, and get them done in order of urgency/importance. If there's anything you're hesitating on, write out why, and remind yourself that it's ultimately worse to go cold/dark.

So say you finally got all your immediate and near-term serious stuff done or out of the way. You have some room to breathe. Now what? You probably need a quick break of some sort. Don't go crazy and burn out the rest of your day or anything like that. Be reasonable. Meditate. Rest. Exercise. Sleep, etc. Eat, rehydrate.

Once you're out of the danger zone, you want to overview everything that's on your plate one more time. Put things into your personal Trello board (or write them in your notebook, or Evernote, or workflowy– whatever works. Right now it seems like Trello is working out for you, so use that). Schedule time to go through these tasks and write down why they're important, what they're going to help you achieve, and why you haven't done it yet (what's difficult or uncomfortable out it). I think you should do this at the start of the day if you wake up early. If you wake up early, go exercise, then shower, then work on this.

Then it's all about scheduling, planning, timeboxing. Get the highest priority thing out of the way. If you don't know what the highest priority thing is, find out. If you know what the highest priority thing is, but you aren't making progress on it, identify the point of blockage, and figure out what's stopping you. Break it down into chunks. Figure out what's the most important thing and do that. Sometimes you might be stuck because of bad project management– that is, you bit off more than you can chew. You may want to refine whatever it is that you set out to do, and then order that.

What you want is to always have a 25 minute task ahead of you that's manageable and finishable. If you don't, then you're suffering from bad project management. You just need to break things down into their components so that you can move them around as necessary.

Finally, once you've got that stuff in order, figure out your mental/emotional/psychological health. You may want to reach out to close friends to tell them you need a morale boost– you know they'd oblige. You might even want to quickly talk them through whatever's bothering you.

Now, make sure you plan/schedule and review your plan/schedule each day so that you don't get blindsided again. This is a very avoidable problem. So avoid it. G'night!
But within that grand, dismal nothingness there are assumptions I must've had about what my experience of life– be it 25 years, 50 years, 75, 100, 150– what that experience would be like. What adulthood would be like. What personal responsibility will be like. And I've been wrong about some of those assumptions, even without ever having made them particularly explicit or precise. Even now, I'm not exactly sure what they were, or if there's any utility in me trying to write them down. Maybe I should set that as a task for a later vomit.

Something about these mistaken assumptions has made my experience of life a little unpleasant. "Unpleasant" isn't quite the right word. I feel like I've half-moulted, and my old skin isn't completely shed. I haven't been able to properly discard it. I feel like it needs a proper burial or funeral of some sort, some sort of ritual to help me truly "get over it" (if it's something that can EVER be gotten over). And yet the idea of making time for it feels a little trivial, naive, desperate. But I suppose I should, as long as it's still on my mind. I should make time to deal with it. That's part of what these vomits are for. If it helps me cope, if it helps me survive, then I should do it.

But see, even now I haven't gotten around to describing what these assumptions are, how they were broken, why I feel the way I do, why I don't feel like I'm completely present in the moment, why I feel like I haven't quite fully accepted or recognized reality as it presents itself to me, within me, around me.

I'm 25 years old. I'm married. I'm a home owner. I have a wife and two cats. I feed all of us with the currency I obtain in exchange for the labor I provide the world. I came from a family of individuals, and my family isn't perfect. I work for a team, and the team is far more "perfect" than I ever dared imagine myself working with, or working in. I have a marriage with a woman I love and enjoy very deeply. I have a body that's functional– it allows me to walk, it's relatively healthy, it's relatively in shape. I have a mind that's literate, reasonably thoughtful, has the capacity for change. I'm one of the lucky ones among those who have been born on Earth.

So what is my problem? What am I so wistful about? What is it that seems to trouble me? I've learnt to function despite it, but I don't want to continue to function DESPITE it. I want to address it. I want it to be resolved, or otherwise dealt with in a way that allows me to engage more fully with the present, with my circumstances, my obligations.

Perhaps I was expecting that I would be extremely happy and satisfied and fulfilled by now. Was that what I was expecting? Of course not. I knew that it would be a lifelong challenge. I understand the reality that happiness is what you make of it, when you exercise gratitude. That millionaires can be unhappy too.

Perhaps I was expecting that I would be stronger by now. That I would have grown more as a person. That I would be more responsible, more disciplined, more in control of my life. I think that might be it. I'm wistful for an imagined reality that never came to be, that has not yet come to be. Or I'm wistful for a time where I could fantasize about that reality without being held accountable for it, without being held responsble for it. Is that it?

There's more. I'm wistful for the naive schoolboy ignorance of how human relationships work, of how loneliness really works. I'm wistful for idealistic naivete. Is that it? I wish life was easier?

No, I knew life wasn't going to be easy. I wish that I would have more freedom, more control? It is mine if I fight for it, it I claw with my fingernails for it. I hoped that I would have more of an appetite, maybe. I hoped that I would be more assertive, more confident, more intense. But again, those things are mine if I desire them and take actions towards them.

I was fantasizing for this beautiful future where I would have my shit in order, where I would make the right calls and the right decisions simply out of accumulated wisdom from thinking and reading and writing. But that's not how it works, I know that. You have to do the work, and the work is painful. You have to move your feet, move your body, move your muscles.

I was hoping I would be strong by now. I was hoping that I would be able to brush off the stresses of everyday life, of a shitty daily commute. I was hoping that I would be able to, through sheer force of will, make big dents in my obligations. To grow and be strong and to help others. And I'm facing the reality where I'm 25 and I haven't made enough progress on that front to truly satisfy me. Just two days ago, I was looking at my stats at work and I saw that the two main things I measure myself on (traffic and leads, if it matters) were at the highest that they've ever been. Yet I don't feel fulfilled yet. I don't feel satisfied yet. And I understand the nature of the hedonic treadmill, but that's not what this is. I want to feel like I gave it my best, and it feels like "my best" is not something I can even access.

Well. If I can't access my best, is it really my best, or is it a pipedream? What is my best RIGHT NOW? I can only go by what I measure. So I SHOULD be happy and proud of what I've done AND want to do better, AND want to access higher states of functioning. And I do believe it's possible.

So why am I wistful? The reason isn't likely to be satisfyingly complex. It's likely to be embarrassingly simple. I think it boils down to the fact that I'm not keeping promises to myself. I've promised myself more than this. I want to respect myself, and truly respecting myself requires me doing more than this. So how do I do more? The insight I've gotten is– it comes from baby steps, little bits, _whether I like it or not_.

I probably haven't resolved this just by writing about it for a thousand words. But I will resolve it. I don't intend to be a floating ball of wistfulness for the remainder of my days. The thing is, the only thing that can change that is me, and my own actions. Not thoughts. Not ideas. Blood and sweat and callouses.
I suppose then we're also reaching an interesting stage where I've almost definitely written about almost everything that I think I like to think about, or need to think about. Is there anything that I need to think about that I haven't already written or thought about? Probably not. It's all just actions that I need to take that I haven't taken. I'm writing this at 12:52am when I was hoping to be asleep by 12. So that's rather silly. But let me just steamroller through this one and get to bed.

So what does all this tell me about what I should do next? I'm still going to keep to my "publish at least one word vomit a day" system, because I know that publishing is therapeutic and a good habit to build. When I stop publishing, I start drying up in all sorts of ways. But beyond that, it's actually really more important that I continue to summarize and re-read old vomits. I'm up to at least one summary (10 vomits at a time) a day now, and maybe I'll try and get most of them done over the long weekend. That does some like a pursuit worth indulging in. The end result would be... I want to have a map of my recurring thoughts and ideas, and I want to see how many different ways I've approached things, and what sort of progress I've made. I've been putting it off partially because it's tedious work, but more because I don't know how good it'll be. I'm imagining it'll be messy and incomplete and imperfect. But those are necessary first steps towards achieving anything, so I need to shake off the subconscious BS idea that undone is better than badly/imperfectly done. Badly/imperfectly done is the first step towards a system of recurring improvement.

Beyond that, I think I'm pretty happy with how my vomit process is turning out. Publishing once a day is great. Keeping track of the publish days and keeping track of the total number published is great.

I was conscious in the shower earlier of how the word vomit project that I've committed to has put me in a position where I haven't really been doing any social commentary or public facing writing. Initially, I swore off that kind of stuff because it felt like a distraction– and it most definitely was. What's the point of being clear about public issues if I'm not clear about my own personal issues? But I do also think that I have a certain need for engagement with the outside world, otherwise I feel a little cloistered inside my own head and I go a little bit mad.

But I can't exactly go back to writing things the way I used to. I'm not the same person anymore. I don't care about the same things anymore. What would I be writing if I didn't have a word vomit project to work on? I think I would be writing something like, "The Recreational Public Outrage Machine". Suppose that is written. What would I write next? "What Adults Would Tell You About Adulthood (If They Weren't So Goddamn Tired)" might be another. Suppose that's done. What next? Coping With Everyday Bullshit. But I'm not qualified to write that yet, because I haven't exactly figured that shit out myself. Suppose that's written. What do I really want to write? Pursuing New Friendships In Adulthood (?). Not even sure if I'd really do that one. Suppose that's done. "Stuff We Don't Talk About (That I Kinda Wish We Did)." Done. "After A While People Aren't That Interesting". Not sure if I actually agree with that, but it would be interesting to write. "We're All Connected, Okay Then What?" Next. "We Tolerate Really Low Standards For Some Reason". That one might be a fun satire piece, Onion style. Actually there are probably a whole bunch of fun satire pieces to be written about marketing and startups. But is that really what I care about? Well, if I thought about it, it's probably worth writing it and getting it out of the way (as part of a writing project, not necessarily as a top priority altogether.) The Game Of Priorities is something I might write about in my next vomit, because it's something I'm actually concerned about right now and has direct implications for my own life.

Well, we're done with this one. Goodnight.
It's 2:16am. I was home around 1030pm, and so I was hoping to be asleep by 12noon, but look, it's 2:16pm. I do this to myself over and over again. Let's go through it quickly without any self-flagellation. I had a bit of work that I wanted done. I wanted to go through my word vomit summaries (done with that). And I wanted to write this. (Writing now). In between all of that, I spent a bunch of time on the Internet doing dumb things. I replied to some guy on Reddit. I watched bits and pieces of The Mummy... why was I doing that? It had to do with TV Tropes. Why was I on TV Tropes? I wanted to add a relevant link to a word vomit that I was summarizing. (A taste of power / start over was the trope, in reference to Conan The Barbarian and Iron Man).

Well, so that was a little silly. If I'm going to do something and I have a deadline I should be pushing myself to use the timer and I should be focused on the single task I have ahead of me, and nothing else. The problem is that I keep allowing myself all these little gaps, and these gaps expand into huge time sinks that eat into everything else. Well, so it goes. Not going to get angry at myself for this. Just adding this to the list of data points I have for understanding how this works. Creating a task for myself to go over all of this once the summaries are done. In the meantime I'm going to write about today's experience and then go straight to bed with as calm and neutral a mind as possible.

My wife is in Thailand for a month, which means I have the freedom and opportunity (and responsibility) to take care of myself, and to be fully responsible for my own decisions. I can't peg anything on her, she can't peg anything on me. If I'm wasting hours on the Internet, it's not because I'm waiting for her to be done in the shower– it's all on me. And this experience right now is proving that to be true. So I can't use her as a crutch or excuse. Great, this is a good opportunity for me to really encounter that and get to know that properly. Does it surprise me? No it doesn't, but will it help? I think so. I have 30 more days to sort my shit out, and it's not like "oh, somewhere in the middle of those 30 days things will get sorted out"– I have to do the sorting right now, knowing that I'll probably fail, and go over it over and over and over.

At the very least, I'm keeping up with these vomits and summaries. I'm writing them even if I'm tired and sleepy because I have no excuse. This is my minimum commitment. Earlier today I discovered some guy who committed to his own personal 1000 words a day writing project. I asked him about it. He didn't publish the words, I'm guessing. He told me he went on for 650+ days, and then stopped and didn't recover. So now as a matter of personal principle of sorts, I'd like to keep my streak going, all the way. That would be really cool.

Anyway. The thing I wanted to talk about is– one of the things I'm trying to do in my wife's absence is to meet as many friends as possible. It's not like I'm not able to meet friends when she's around, it's just that it's nicer to meet people without having to worry about making it back home in time for dinner, and/or stuff like that. I can always stay out late, but I might as well get all of this stuff out of the way at once if possible. I suppose that's probably not the best of ideas/strategies, but at the very least I've reached out to a whole bunch of people, so I can start scheduling now and see how it all plays out.

So today I met a bunch of local t-shirt retailers, and it was really pleasant conversation. It was really nice to be around a smart, thoughtful, kind group of people who're passionate about what they're doing, and it's nice to be a part of a different group from the usual tech/startup/marketing circles that I'm usually tied up with (out of proximity, job, etc). It makes it clearer that I should really be hanging out with more people. I went on a sort of extreme detox where I cut myself off from all my old friends (the huge shift in location had a huge part to do with it).

The more I think about it, and the more experiences I have, the clearer it's becoming to me that living in Yishun is almost "bad for my health". Not super literally in a physical sense (though an argument could be made...) but in a more softer, social sort of sense. I have nobody in the immediate vicinity that I like spending time with apart from my wife, and even spouses get sick of each other from time to time. I need people I can while away hours with, while working or thinking, people who have divergent interests, who are working on other things. That's just like a sort of a human need, I feel. A third space. I haven't had many of those that I've really enjoyed. It's been really hard for me to find the right people.

I guess that's quite heartening. I haven't been making enough time to meet people, to meet good people. I just don't really think very much about it, I imagine it'll take care of itself sooner or later. But what I'm learning over and over again is that nothing important every takes care of itself. That's adulthood, damnit, we have to plan and schedule for everything, and make sure WE make things happen.

Such is life!
A few vomits ago I realized that sometimes I have to state things that seem incredibly obvious in order for me to grapple with them– because if they're unstated, they sort of go under the radar, develop an ugh field around them and then I don't quite act in accordance with those things– beliefs, principles, whatever. [1]

Now here's another one of those really simple things, and it has to do with the dissonance I experience when more developed individuals seem confused when they talk to me about my own akrasia.

What happens is this– I have some stated priorities. I then do things that are unrelated to these priorities, and then get really unhappy and frustrated and anxious at the lack of progress I make on these priorities. This makes me feel incompetent, weak, irresponsible and so on, and my conditioned response is to run away, to hide, to avoid things and hope it'll all blow over.

Why do I not work on the things that I have stated as my priorities? One problem is that "priority" in my head isn't the same thing as "priority" in the heads of more developed individuals. It's more of a weak, "yeah I'd kinda like to do that". And because these priorities aren't killer, important, make-or-break, it's very easy for me to avoid or ignore them when they prove themselves to be difficult, hard, scary, boring, schleppy.

The problem and solution is clearer to me when I'm talking to individuals who are LESS developed than me. [2] The problem sometimes a lack of clarity about priorities. In the absence of priorities, I do whatever is comfortable, easy, whatever I _feel_ like doing. As I established in some earlier vomits, my feelings are often wrong and unreliable. So I have to work against my feelings. I have to do what is important to me, not what I randomly feel like doing when I'm not in peak state. I've been able to do this for my word vomits. Finishing my word vomits is a real priority to me, because I want to complete this project. And I've made it relatively easy to do. I have solved for adoption here.

Now I need to move on to doing this for everything else in my life. First I need to know what my priorities are. I've written those down in my workflowy. Then I need to know why these priorities are priorities, why they're important, what's the difference they're going to make and what's the outcome I'm denying if I don't work on them. I need to eliminate or relegate things that are less important, so I can focus on things that are most critical. (Gall's Law: Complex working systems are usually developed out of simple working systems– they rarely start working from being put together complex-ily.) Then I need to design the next steps for adoption.

I haven't gotten to writing down the critical sentences that matters– that in the absence of clear priorities, randomness will kick me around into a life I do not choose. (Hadfield.) In the absence of priorities, if I just follow my feelings, I'll have suboptimal hours, days, weeks, months, years, decades, life.

So the highest priority of all is the conviction that priorities matter. [3] I want to say that I believe this– all the motivational videos say it, all the successful people say it, people I admire say it. But the fact that I haven't lived in accordance with this is evidence that I don't _truly_ believe it, in a functional, executive sense. Why do I not truly, functionally believe that priorities matter? It's neither a belief nor a disbelief, it's just a sort of agnostic indifference. But the indifference is killing me. I need to take a side and double down on it. So we're trying to install a belief here. And to install a belief you first have to try it on, in a way that's simple. I've tried it on with regards to my vomits. I now need to try it on with regards to exercise, daily reviews, and work.

Is this where I'm usually stuck? Seems like it. Vomit is done, so I'll start another.

[1] One of this realizations was– what I really want in life is to be powerful and significant. This might be my way of addressing my childhood issues of feeling incompetent, not good enough, irresponsible, unreliable, and so on. So I need to work on things that will make me more responsible, more reliable. I don't do this because of vague fears and concerns. I worry that I won't be able to grow into someone more responsible, that I'll just screw up more things in the future. So this is a belief I need to dismantle, with constant practice and meditation and reassurances and so on.

[2] I don't want to be presumptuous about what 'developed' means. I liked this definition from Ribbonfarm– that Intelligence is the ability to separate bullshit from information. I can detect other people's bullshit, but I struggle to detect my own. So this is a constant battle and struggle– detecting my own bullshit.

[3] My brain generates some counterpoints to this, which I should be skeptical of because of evil rationalization. I will overthink and avoid doing the work. The way out of this is to treat this as an experiment. I have nothing to lose from running an experiment. Let's experiment with focusing on priorities. If it turns out I was wrong, I can revert to my previous mode of thinking/being and be more comfortable and confident with that, because I'd have successfully falsified the alternative. But right now I'm running on really old data (that school = bad, and other old, corrupted BS like that). And I know that the status quo isn't sustainable. So I need to try something different.

Just to quickly state the counterpoint– the sort of Zen / Alan Watts idea that you can't force yourself to do things that you don't want to do, that there's no point making to-do lists and plans and all of those things. As Hunter Thompson said, you want the goals to fit the person, not the other way around. Well I think I'm trying to make my goals fit me. I think I'm trying to make my priorities reflect my own inner interests. Maybe once I've been running this program for a few months I'll be able to internalize it without thinking. But for the time being, it's clear that my feelings are often wrong and I shouldn't navigate by them.
Work [1], daily reviews, exercise. These are the things that I really want to adopt as part of my daily routine, beyond my daily habit of writing word vomits. Beyond that, I'm thinking I need to make sure that I meditate, sleep well, and have more efficient routines and processes... but those things are a bit more nebulous. I should start with nailing down the basics. It's taken me really long to nail down basics. Embarrassingly long, really, but that's actually not relevant. Every day is a new day, every moment is a new moment, and I should optimize for what is currently on my plate rather that sit around feeling bad or guilty or ashamed of my lack of progress so far. (0327)

So. My current priority right now is to finish this word vomit, and then to move on to my highest priority work task. Once I'm done with THAT, I can move on to evaluating the rest of my tasks, and do a review about how things are going. And then I'll go for a run in the evening. These few things together, alone, would have made today a good day despite some shuffling and weaseling around in the morning. And to extrapolate unnecessarily, if I can do this regularly, I can then make "a good day" my new normal, and start adding more things to it, more priorities, more things of significance. And that is how I will grow in responsibility and power without screwing things up. With the power of habits and routines that I internalize, the same way I've internalized that writing word vomits every day will make me happy, even if I'm sleepy and tired and don't feel like doing it. [2]

What else? I also think I really need to solve the problem of interruptions and distractions. And of just generally poorly regulated behavior. This is the main thing that's been on my mind the past few days while my wife's been away. I'm alone at home, and I'm just really bad at regulating myself when I'm at home. By that I mean I just sort of vegetate and lounge around. A part of this might be a sort of subconscious craving for downtime, which I think is a valid excuse for a couple of days or so, but I also know that I've very often fallen into this trap when I was young.

How do I solve the problem of self-regulation? I feel like I've talked about this a lot of times in a lot of ways, but yet never really made very much progress. Which is a bit of a misnomer– I've definitely made a bunch of progress, with my work vomits and with my work. It's just that this progress doesn't seem very deliberate or systematic, and I'm constantly aware of all the progress that I have failed to make. (This is not quite the same as "progress left to make", which is infinite. I'm talking about failed attempts.)

Can I figure out the missing piece in the next 250 words? Probably not but that's what I'll spend them trying to do. I think the solution to the problem of self-regulation will begin with really little things. If you suck at self-regulation, you can't suddenly change everything, turn everything around all at once overnight. You have to start with small things. So doing these word vomits is a step in the right direction, even if it doesn't feel like it. Doing my daily/weekly work updates is a step, even if it doesn't feel like it. I just need to take more such steps, and then the feels will follow in response to the change in volume of output, in volume of shit done.

But what about the interruptions? Well... the thing is to work in tiny chunks that can't be interrupted. I can do 25 minutes without interruption. My problem is that I keep trying to do many many chunks and then I take the failure of the later parts as a symptom of failure of the whole. Rather, I should commit to say just 1 pomodoro of non-distracted activity. And do that every day for a week. Then maybe commit to 2. That sounds ridiculously simple but the alternative has simply not worked, not stuck. I need to fiure out my bare minimums and keep those rock-solid.

I feel like I don't quite believe myself while I'm saying these things, but that's probably because it's late and I'm tired and sleepy. But hey, at least I'm doing a vomit. Done.

[1] I know, Work is a really large bucket with all sorts of sub-buckets. Quickly: by work, I mean to make progress everyday on at least 1 chunk of whatever I've labeled as my highest priority work-task. I was going to write "at least 3", but I realize that doesn't solve for adoption. Gall's law. I have to start with something simple and make it a daily thing, and then I can expand on that once that's something I've thoroughly internalized. If I haven't made progress on my highest priority task, everything else I do is still sort of hollow and unsatisfying. I have to eat the frog.

[2] I find myself thinking now about what Elon Musk said when asked about how he maintains hope, optimism, etc when things aren't going well– and he answered with a delightful non-answer– that those things are irrelevant to him, and that he just gives it his all no matter what. When I first saw that, I thought it was a little weird and alien– was he hiding something? But I'm starting to realize now that he's just operating in a different mode altogether from people who depend on feelings and optimism and motivation in order to function. He's committed himself to a course (and of course, there are feelings involved in making that decision), but having made that decision he has chosen not to waver from it. He's become truly outcome-agnostic. Which is quite a marvellous thing to witness, to realize that such a state is possible.

No more. I am.

I woke up today. I was reborn today. I have shaken off (and it took a tremendous, crackle-pop-kra-TOW) all my excess baggage, all my illusions and memories and such. Some may have lingered, but that's irrelevant.

I am.

I am.

I exist for my own pleasure. I am flesh and blood, bones and nerves, brain and bile. I am words and songs, stories and structures, places and persons. I AM. I am a forceful reckoning. I am electric. I am alive.

I shake off all the bizzare contraptions I plugged to myself to pitifully attempt to reanimate my dullard corpse. I unplug myself from the newsfeeds and information. There is nothing I need. I AM.

I find myself naked, shivering from the cold of awareness. My muscles flex, clench, relax.

There is nothing that I have to say. I am writing because I have committed myself to writing, and I intend to honour my words. I will continue to write, because that is what I had decreed. I said it, and so it shall be done.

And then I shall move on to doing all the other things that I have said I shall do. Because I said I would do things, and so I shall do them.

It's really that simple, isn't it?

I could sit and think for hours about how I got here. But I'm not sure if it really matters. The point is that I'm here, and while I'm here I can do anything I like.

How do I get back here, when I need to? I never want to lose this sense of clarity and awareness that I possess right now. I want it again tomorrow.

It will be here. I will be here. I just need to shake off the old. Old habits, old patterns. They were all a sort of dress-rehearsal for my true self, my true expression.

Shake off the old. Kill the old. Be born again.

I am a writer by profession, by craft. I will write stories. I have many stories within me. I will pull them out of my brain, my skin, and I will write them.

I think I shall write them within these vomits. I think I am done with all the navel-gazing self-examination, I don't think that will get me anywhere fast anytime soon. I am done with that, I feel.

Perhaps tomorrow I will feel differently. But I doubt it.

I must get stronger. I need to sculpt and shape my body and mind to inhabit the space that I envision for it.

It's all movement. It's all vibrations. It's all cause and effect. It is my mind that moves my body. And my body that, well, embodies the mind.

All of this is really inelegant sputter. But if sputtering is what needs to happen, so be it. I have spent too much time afraid of being silly, afraid of making mistakes or missteps. I have paused and stopped too many things because I was frustrated or upset or angry or annoyed.

No more.

I will persist as light and clarity. I am clearheaded. I am a thousand burning suns. I am electricity.

It is late, so when this is done I will sleep. But when I rise tomorrow, I will remind myself that I am Alive.

I will no longer attempt to change the minds of others– that is, I will not seek the validation or approval of others to do what I personally, deeply believe to be true. I will do work that I am proud of. I have come far enough. I have read enough. I have listened enough. I have taste. I have sensibilities.

I ascend into the arena. I am here. I am me. I am in charge. I am in control. Nobody else is responsible for who I am. Nobody else is accountable for who I am. Through a series of improbable, accidental events, I have come into existence.

Now that I am here, I intend to persist. This will not be an accident. This will be deliberate. I do not need anybody's approval. I will flourish, and my flourishing will be the expression of the answer to the endless questions that I have had prior to my reawakening.

I am envious of no one. I am jealous of no one. My struggle is personal. I have no need to win anybody over to my side. I have no need to argue for anybody. I have no need to argue with anybody. Casual words are meaningless. All that matters is the actual expression, the artful application of force.

How shall I apply myself? Where shall I apply myself? I already know all of this. Everything I need is already in front of me, already all around of me. The challenge is to shake off all the non-essential and prioritize the most important. And then utterly extinguish that as an expression of my dominion.

My only task now is to remain electric. To be able to reinvigorate myself. To be able to come into being, fully, clearly.

And to keep writing. With fervor. Intensity.

Some say you should write what you know. Others say you should write about an aspirational ideal. I think I'll write whatever I goddamn please. What pleases me?

I will concern myself with that when I'm writing again. In the meantime, it suffices to say that I am AWAKE and ALIVE and ELECTRIC, and I intend to wake up for the remainder of my days if possible. In the fullest, liveliest possible sense. Already I find myself a little distressed and disturbed that I have spent so many of my days meandering in a sort of waking slumber.

But there's no point crying over spilt milk. The question is, how am I going to stay awake? We'll see. Goodnight.
In this case, while it IS pretty likely that I would've been able to make it up to myself afterwards– that is, do two word vomits tomorrow instead of just one– it's far more important that I go through this process right now– where I go through the motion of doing a word vomit even though I feel like I have a good enough excuse not to. I need to train my subconscious to see that I mean business when I say I'm going to do something. And I'm going to do a word vomit every day unless I'm really, truly incapacitated.

And that's just the start of it. There's so much more to do. The most important thing is maintaining peak state, recreating peak state. I've written about similar things over and over again– about the importance of chunking my time, of timeboxing, etc. I think now I'm getting clearer about the importance of psyching myself up before getting things done, and of being a lot more critical about the way the time is spent. And I really need to just practice finishing things that I start, without getting distracted. There is no doubt in my mind anymore that this is something that I am capable of accomplishing, and this is a skill that I need to develop yesterday. Since we can't go back in time, now is the next best alternative. So I'm going to continue writing this vomit straight through the end without tabbing out, and then I'm going to shower and go to bed.

What are my current impediments to being ultra-focused? I think the main thing is really that I still don't give myself clear enough instructions about the task ahead of me, in any given situation. I allow myself to sort of skip back and forth and improvise around the task. It works for some forms of simple writing, but it absolutely does not work for bigger and more difficult projects. The problem with my current state is that I still haven't learned to properly chunk things down into smaller projects. It's a sort of ignorant hubris that I have, this odd belief that I can just improvise my way through difficult things. Life has beaten me down in this regard over and over again– I have been pushing at a pull door, and trying to push harder, and trying different techniques of pushing. What I really need to do is toss all my "push" techniques entirely out of the window, and teach myself to pull.

In parallel to this, I'm trying to relearn how to write. I've always held my pens and pencils in a weird, contorted way where I put all the weight and pressure on my ring finger. It's a very painful grip to hold on for long periods of time, and it makes my writing very scratchy. Controlled, but scratchy. There's no big picture, no continuity, no flow. When I draw squares, or L's or E's, somehow the right angles are never quite right angles. There's always a sort of kink at the corner. This has always bothered me a little but I never did anything about it. Finally, I've decided to deconstruct the habit and work from first principles. It's going to mean some painfully boring, frustrating stages where I'm reduced to drawing like a child again. But it's not quite the same, because while I haven't developed the fine motor skills yet, I do have a clearer sense of what I want, and I can adjust myself faster along the way. It's like learning the guitar, which I've done before. (And even that, I think, would benefit from some deconstruction and first principles practice. But one thing at a time for now. Though I AM trying to relearn the nuances of Stairway To Heaven, for old time's sake.)

I guess what I have been resisting for a while is the idea of re-education. A sort of deep therapy. What's the term they use for people who are injured? Rehabilitation. I need to learn to walk again, properly. I suppose I've always been embarrassed by my incompetence on many fronts, and try to avoid it. Like I've talked before about how I'm embarrassed that I can't really cook. Well, I can cook some scrambled eggs, and some peppers and some chicken. I'm going to feed myself more regularly, because that's me actively breaking a barrier that I had constructed when I was a child. Another one is that I can't draw. I have a wonderful imagination, I have all sorts of ideas, there's no reason why I can't draw. It's just dots and lines. Paper and pen give great feedback. I can get better at what I'm doing and I'd like to get better at it. I underline really nicely in books. I have a pretty nice all-caps script. I can do more.

There's nothing new about the details. I've always known the details. Everybody always knows the details, and yet we read more and more about the details. The only thing that matters is managing your own psychology, in seeing that there is a point, in believing that things can be done, in having faith despite history. Faith in first principles. Faith in the somewhat mechanistic nature of reality. If things didn't work out before, we can examine them and change things and make them work this time around.

I truly believe it.
So now I'm in a different mood. I'm avenging the vomit that was lost. And I have to figure out something else to say, and say it quickly becaus I don't want to sleep at 2am.

I like challenges like these, I guess. I find myself thinking about the role of emotion in writing. And how if you write really fast without thinking, your writing (ideally) just becomes a reflection of whatever emotional state you're in– or just whatever "state" you're in, period. I was listening to Alan Watts and he was talking about how there's some artist with long hair, who covers his hair in paint and then swings it at the canvas– and then he observes it and does a sort of Rorschach test on it, and from that he infers what the painting should be and then paints THAT. It's an interesting way to approach constraints.

Which in turn reminds me of something Ray Bradbury said about writing down nouns... I really do think I should start writing short stories in the context of these word vomits. I'm probably hesitating because I'm a bit afraid, because I haven't done it before. But hey, that's the point, right? 444 vomits in and I've settled into this comfortable pattern of talking about my personal issues over and over again. I really ought to ban myself from writing about these things at least for a couple of hundred vomits, so that I can write other things for a change. For a period of time I was banning myself from writing social commentary type things, because those things were keeping me from paying attention to myself. Now I've spent like 400,000 words paying attention to myself, and it definitely feels like I'm not going to be thinking/writing my way out of this one. Rather, I have to just stay mindful of it and do more hard, challenging work.

So these word vomits shouldn't be so easy anymore. They shouldn't be as mindless and blurty as they are right now. I mean, they're always going to be blurty in the sense that I'm not going to edit them very much if at all, but I'm getting really tired of just talking about myself, talking with my own voice, yadda yadda. I had a pretty good time with the A / B dialogues, but even those were pretty obviously just different facets of my own personality, or me talking to myself in the mirror. I need to try something different altogether. And so it's probably time to dig out my list of short story ideas and stuff and just get cracking.

Since I still have more time in this vomit I'll spend it thinking about how I'll pick what to write. I feel like I have some sort of burden or responsibility to write about things that aren't trivial. I don't want to be writing the same sort of essays that I used to write for Poached Magazine.

Well... technically I can start by writing about trivial things if I want to. But do I actually want to? This is a silly, pointless train of thought. I am in charge. I decide what I do. I decide what I want to do. So what do I decide I want to do? What would be the coolest thing for me to publish next, as a word vomit, as a short story, or as dialogue? No, I don't want to just do a little dialogue. I want to do stories. Well, how am I going to define what a story is? Am I just going to describe a fictional environment? Am I going to describe a single fictional person? Am I going to describe some sort of conflict? I suppose I could run through each of those things. I'm not obliged to write self-contained stories right at the start. I can do snippets, little notes. I can do criticisms and analyses of existing books and of characters. These wouldn't be pointless, they'll help me figure out what I want to write later on. As long as I'm doing it for that purpose, and not utterly mindless self-indulgence, that that's okay. Mindless self indulgence is ALSO okay, but I'd like to do better than that. I don't want to take random walks in purely random directions when I can take a semi-random walk in a semi-deliberate direction that I know is likely to be better for me.

So... yeah. Maybe I'll do movie reviews too. I think I'll do movie / book reviews in the form of conversations between characters that I'll develop, within some context that I'll develop. Yes, that sounds like something slightly out of my comfort zone, in the sense that it's not what I'm already doing, and yet it sounds achievable. It's a pleasant stretch. That's what I'm going to do.

It does seem a little crazy ambitious to try to write 500,000 words worth of little stories and such. But really, a million words of anything is pretty crazy. I might as well direct my exploration in some sort of interesting direction. At the end of it all I can pour the molten aluminum (or whatever it is they pour) down this ant hill to see what the network looks like, where it leads, how it's all interconnected, and what I want to do from there.

Done.
When he was a little boy, Cameron was devoted to exploring the world with his entire being. He would spin in circles until he was dizzy, and then try to fix things by spinning the other way. He would hang upside down from the monkey bars of the playground, eliciting shrieks from his mother.

He would sprint up the staircase at the subway, never understanding why mother always opted to take the escalator instead. The stairs were clearly the superior option: Elevation! Speed! What a rush, and no grumpy old adults blocking your way.

Once he boarded the train, he'd give everybody a great show– spinning round and round the pole, jumping and grabbing the grab handles (which were just out of his reach), and he'd swing to and fro. "Stop being such a monkey," mother would plead.

But in those moments, Cameron could think of nothing else he'd rather be.

Parenting is never easy, but Cameron presented a greater challenge than most. He was intelligent, he was quick, he was difficult to stay mad at. His cheeky smile charmed the stern looks off the faces of everybody he'd met.

But, of course, he'd create messes everywhere he went. It wasn't personal– his mind was somewhere else before he was done with whatever he was in the middle of.

And while he was often inattentive (distracted, really, by all the goings-on of the world around him), his attention was always precious. He would look at you with his piercing, twinkling eyes, and you'd feel like he was taking you in, in a way that few children really do. So you couldn't help but look out for him in a crowd of children, and find yourself trying to catch his gaze.

When he was a teenager, Cameron fell in love. With pretty much one in every four girls that he met. Half of them weren't very attractive, and half of those who were left weren't very intelligent. So if a girl was decent looking, and could express an interesting thought or two, Cameron was all over her.

He was particularly fixated with Kimberly from Track-and-Field. She had a tattoo around her ankle, which was some sort of profound Latin quote about bastards and getting down. Kimberly, of course, didn't really notice Cameron, and would move on in life without ever knowing of his fleeting-yet-intense desire to discuss The Beatles with her. (Kimberly was more into 90's pop-punk.)

Mother never taught Cameron how to be around girls. She had assumed, wrongly, that he would just figure it all out himself. After all, he was great at making friends, he was gregarious and charming. Cameron would never really have a proper girlfriend. He did, however, single-handedly perform an informal analysis of the distribution of musical interests of teenage girls. (He was always surprised at the number of them who listened to "Um, I gotta go.")

Cameron never really did well in school. He was never really sure of what he wanted. Mother was always nagging him to study hard, that he was so smart, if only he applied himself. Cameron would simply smile and shrug, and just keep walking. He knew that he owed everything to Mother– she worked two jobs just to pay the bills, and she never had any time for herself. But somehow that just made him resent her internally, and it seemed to take up all his energy just to put on a brave, civil front for her.

Sometimes, after failing a test particularly badly, Cameron would snarl at himself in the mirror. "Why don't you fucking study, you bastard? It's so easy. It's just books. It's just paper. You got this. YOU GOT THIS."

It never lasted more than a couple of days. ANd his eyes never really twinkled anymore.

When he was a young adult, Cameron was sort-of broken. Or maybe he just never learned to function effectively. "But does anybody, really?" he wondered to himself, before thinking, "That is so cheesy, dude."

He had some buddies that he'd play poker with, but he never really cared about the same things that they cared about. He met one of them (Pete) while working odd jobs after school, and he just kept hanging out with them after. He was drifting with nowhere to go, and they were nowhere in particular.

They would meet in a dingy old house at the end of town– someone's parents both worked the night shift, and somehow didn't seem to mind that the house was always smelling of cheap beer, stale pizza and half-stubbed cigarette buds when they came back in the morning. (Cameron would often cycle his rickety old bicycle home, with badly-inflated tires and lousy brakes, mildly intoxicated and smoking his last cigarette. A part of him always wondered if he would get into an accident, but the roads were always empty at 4am.)

The boys– they were all talking about how they were going to get back at their parents, at their ex-girlfriends, at their bosses, at the Universe. They were going to catch a break, make it big, get out of this shithole.

Cameron didn't see the point. The shithole was everywhere, as far as he was concerned. The shithole was at once Home and the Great Unknown. Holes, filled with shit, as far as the eye could see. He just wondered if the world would ever seem worth exploring again.

Sometimes there was a girlfriend or two, and Cameron would study them as they sat on their boyfriends laps in their awkwardly short shorts and excessive eye makeup. Why were they even here? What did they see in his deadbeat friends? "Well, what do YOU see in them?" he thought to himself.

"Familiarity," came the answer.

Did that mean that this... was home? He watched as one of the girls– short blonde hair, with a t-shirt of a band she had probably never heard of– made a big gesture of kissing her boyfriend. The sight and sounds of their mingling tongues reminded him weirdly of some swamp monsters in some B-grade film. His stomach churned.

"I fold," he coughed as he tossed his cards and stumbled out of his chair. "I gotta go... I'll be..." The rest of them barely glanced at him. Pete was already dealing the next round of cards.

"I gotta get out of here," he thought to himself as he raced down the street. The night hummed with the vaguest of hopes.

I've been reflecting on how people get into drinking and smoking and drugs. And by extension, how my life has come along so far.

The unintended damage caused by protective parents and authorities

When you're a kid, every parent and teacher and authority will, understandably, tell you what you cannot do, what your boundaries are, what you must or must not do. They will also lie to you or deceive you about a bunch of things– religion, sex, drugs, alcohol, poverty, death and so on.

They do this partially to protect you from the ugly, messiness of reality, and partially to save themselves a lot of grief. They might have set out with the intention of answering all your questions and telling you the truth of everything, but the reality of parenting is difficult and painful. Louis CK and Michael McIntyre have covered this reality humorously.

A part of them wants to make sure you don't get hurt. A part of them wants to keep you cute, simple, helpless. (Paul Graham has written about this really nicely with Lies We Tell Kids).

When you first discover this, it's easy to get angry with your parents about this. But as you grow older and begin to have responsibilities and obligations of your own [2], you realize that adulthood is a lot harder than childhood, and that parenthood must be even harder.

So you sympathize with them– or if they were really, really messed up, at best you might understand why they were the way they were, even if you can never quite forgive them. Acceptance is the thing.

The seductive peers and the (often misleading) promise of escape

In contrast to all of that, the first person who offers you your first cigarette or drink tends to appeal to your independence. They'll ask, "Why are you worried about what other people think?" It's a question you might not have even thought to ask until that point.

And they're usually really sweet in those moments. They'll look into your eyes and treat you like a full person, a full adult, not a child, not an obligation. They seem sincerely interested in you, your struggles, your concerns.

It is INCREDIBLY flattering. It goes beyond "Wow, you're pretty." It's more like "Wow, you're YOU."

And so I think when people say yes to cigarettes, to unprotected sex, to staying out late, THAT'S what they're saying yes to. Every kid knows cigarettes are disgusting. We do scary, dangerous and unfamiliar things because for the first time it seems like someone truly cares about us- not just our grades or our health or the labels on the pedestals they put us on. [3]

Some people dismiss all of this as childish rebellion- and yes, it is. But it's so much more than that, too. It's a naive, ignorant and tentative step towards independence. When do you learn who you are otherwise? When do you learn to live for yourself?

Owning a decision is a powerful, heady thing, even if it's a really stupid decision. Tattoos, piercings, boyfriends, whatever. "I will what I want." [4]

Moving forward– encourage self-exploration and self-determination in yourself and others

If all of this is true then we can imagine what the healthier alternative must be like. When adults treat children like people, with their own minds and interests and curiosities. Encouraging them to explore their OWN interests, not just what Daddy wishes he was good at as a child. The parent or authority's job isn't to decide for the child outright, but to provide an environment and context in which the child can explore and learn and grow.

And here a bunch of nice pictures come into my mind. Kahlil Gibran– "Your children are not your children / They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself." A Truly Great teacher who really cares– the teachers that everybody remembers their whole lives. A football coach and his heartfelt pep talk. That darkroom scene in Boyhood with the photography teacher. All of Good Will Hunting.

If you have a young person in your life, pay full attention to them and ask them what they're interested in. And it's genuinely interesting! Every person is a glorious kaleidoscope of curiosities, shaped by unique perceptions and perspectives. You'll see the universe in their eyes.

And the scary, terrible thing is that these things can be really fragile. A few dismissive sentences can crush it outright. (ZenPencils: Kevin Smith – It costs nothing to encourage an artist) So you have to be really gentle with people's dreams. Never tell them that they're stupid or wrong. Just ask them if they've thought about X, if they've thought about Y, and so on.

AND really, this applies just as much to adults too, just that we tend to take a little longer because we've often internalized a lot of BS over the years and we forget what we care about.

So, what do YOU want to do with this precious, fleeting life? I'm all ears.

[1] Here I find myself thinking about the Rapunzel movie, Tangled. Analyzing this will probably take up an entire post by itself, but really quickly– it involves a girl being imprisoned in a tower by a woman who pretends to be her mother, and has songs like "When Will My Life Begin" and "Mother Knows Best". I'll probably expand this into a separate essay.

[2] I have come to believe that it's important to introduce children to responsibilities and obligations as early as possible. And it's very important to be precise here– it can't just be arbitrary things that parents impose on children "to teach them lessons". Kids tend to know when adults are simply lording over them. The challenge is to help the kids pick responsibilities and obligations that THEY want, because it helps THEM achieve what THEY want.

I'm naive and ignorant here as a non-parent, but I think even things like household chores could and should be framed in the child's self-interest rather than just "DO AS I SAY." After all, there's a real relationship between parent and child, isn't there? If the child helps the parent do something, the parent is freed up to do something else, aren't they? So can't the parent frame this trade as something ultimately beneficial to the child? But of course, Louis CK and Michael Mcintyre have pointed out that I'm an idiot for thinking that it might be so doable.

[3] One of the painful parts of growing out of adolescence is realizing that that too is an illusion. That the tantalizing promise of escape is often just a new set of blinders and chains. That's the truth that our parents and teachers learned and try to share with us, but it's hard to see that. So I think stories and movies that communicate this effectively are really important. It will be good if this were a part of our broader cultural understanding, something that we appreciated as true independent of our relationships with our parents and authority figures.

Here now I find myself thinking about Frozen, where Anna falls for Hans, but it turns out that Hans really just wanted the kingdom and didn't care about her at all. I think we all know what it's like to be used by somebody that we thought actually cared about us. Of course, reality is rarely so black and white– we're all using each other to some degree, the question is is the outcome mutually beneficial, or is it exploitative and destructive?

[4] As we get older it becomes clearer that a lot of youthful interests are driven by peer influence. And that's quite rational, isn't it? You're going to live amongst your peers, so we're wired to inherit the group's interests. It's only a while later that you learn that it probably makes sense to find out who you are outside of the group that you probably inherited rather than chose.

There's a lot to dig into here. We don't often choose our peer groups very deliberately– they're usually chosen for us by circumstance, and we tend to be compelled to stick with them because of "loyalty" or some other instinct or social pressure. One of the best things we can do for ourselves is to be deliberate about the peers we associate with. Again I think parents try to teach their kids this, but they probably often do it in an overly dictated way– you don't want to choose for your kids outright, you want to ask them what they want out of life and what sort of friends they think they ought to hang out with.

I'll probably expand this into a separate essay.
I've been taking a break from doing word vomits– almost half a month off. It's been good for me, I feel. It's allowed me to put some distance between the everyday writing (which might've been getting a little monotonous and directionless) and has let me think a bit more about what I'm doing here and what I want to do.

What do I want to have with me at the end of the project?

I want a strong understanding of my own personal beliefs, interests and motivations. This will probably be an evolving document, but I'd like something that is simple, succinct and compresses the most compelling bits into something that I can quickly glance at, revisit.

I want a strong set of 'learnings'. In particular, I want a set of How-to's. I'm stealing this idea from Matt MIght, who has a set of "HOWTO" posts on his blog.

Here I'm developing a better understanding of the nature of the problem that has begun to frustrate me with my word vomits. It's a problem that's a part of my life altogether, but it's not obvious all the time unless I'm working on substantial things. (And I want to work on substantial things. So previously I used to avoid this problem by avoiding working on substantial things, but I found that that gave me an entire new problem– that I was unhappy and frustrated.)

A part of the problem can is related to a lack of proper bookkeeping. Part of why I never did any bookkeeping was that I simply didn't have the habit. But also because I often found it to be a really difficult thing to do properly. I could never manage to do it properly. This in turn is parallel with the fact that I've always had difficulty scheduling and timetabling, and breaking down big tasks into littler subtasks. I could never develop the habit because I never found it particularly rewarding, and I never found it particularly rewarding because I wasn't able to make it useful to me. I tried to do categorization and tagging in my old blog (now in my archives), and I could never put together a USEFUL set of categories. I'd have things like "meditations" and "reflections" and "thoughts" and they'd all really be pretty much the same thing. I couldn't categorize my writing well partially because I didn't know how to and partially because my writing didn't lend itself well to categorization. (This isn't self-praise. Both the worst and best writing defies categorization. But I wouldn't call any of my writing particularly great. So it's just bad, it's dithering all over the place.)

So... we need to solve the problem of bad bookkeeping, and to solve that problem we need to figure out how to approach writing in a way that makes it more categorizable . At least in the interim, because one of the seductive BS thoughts is "if I make my writing categorizable I will pigeonhole myself into doing things that are more narrow than I want to do, and that will become a habit and I won't be able to write great undefinable things". That's BS and I know it.

So, more categorizable writing. How do we do that? More specific premises. I tended to write and I still tend to write by just riffing and exploring ideas almost at random. This is still a good way to get the ink flowing, and will always be a useful tool in a writer's toolkit. Writers write, no matter what. But what I do right now is I blend everything– motivations, observations, hypotheses, reflections, howtos– into melting pots. Which was fine as long as I just wanted to write, and to see what came out of it. To optimize prematurely would've probably meant sucking the life out of the project.

But now I'm starting to see more clearly what I want. I want my writing to function as a tool of inquiry. It might all converge at the end, or as I please, but it shouldn't be converging simply because I don't know any other way to write. And here I'm starting to think it makes sense to model my structure after the scientific method. Ask questions. Research topics. Make hypotheses. Write very specific directions for an experiment, experiment, observe closely, collect data, organize and evaluate the data, come up with tentative conclusions.

"Questions" are an interesting category. "Hypotheses" are another. What are the list of questions and hypotheses that I have? They're all loosely hanging around in my head, and I need some sort of trigger to get them all out. I could go through all my existing word vomits and look for questions that I've asked, and indeed I've done that quite a bit.

"Observations" is another great category. Knowing that you're going to read one of those things prepares the mind in advance to know how to approach it. Again, great art doesn't tell you in advance what it's about, and it challenges the mind– in a way that the mind grows from. But not every single thing needs to be a challenge. The task ahead of me is to return to my daily habit of writing, and to keep these new categorization ideas with me as I move forward so that things get more orderly, systematized. I'm excited again.

(I do however also realize that it would be quite challenging to try and write 1000 words of pure observation, or of pure hypothesizing, or of pure how-tos, or of pure motivation-analysis. Some of these things will be best served as much shorter chunks. Which might be something best done somewhere other than this 1000wordvomits project. Perhaps on my main blog, or perhaps somewhere else altogether. Something to think about.)
So I'm back, and I'm fresh. What am I going to do? What do I focus on, with regards to this project? Before I stopped, I wrote one fiction piece and hoped to write many more fiction pieces. I felt a bit overwhelmed at the prospect and it seemed a little premature. So maybe I won't do that yet.

I mentioned in a piece of writing- not sure if I published it- that I want to split my writing into "motivations", "observations", "hypotheses", "howtos". Maybe more buckets than that, but that's the rough breakdown.

My highest priority in life at the time of this writing is to get enough sleep, to eat healthier and to hit the gym.

I had a week about two weeks ago- when I first stopped writing- where I'd sleep really early every single day. And that was good for me, I got a lot of mental clarity from it. And then I got a little sloppy the week after- I was meeting friends and just "enjoying" having time and space to myself (since my wife's away right now). I will still be meeting people this week, but I'll try to sleep as early as possible nevertheless.

I know very clearly now that this is the number one thing I want to solve. I don't want to finish 1000 word vomits but still be writing at word vomit 999 that I really ought to be sleeping better. I've been writing about that for almost 10 years now. Solving sleep is the most important, high-leverage thing I can do for myself. I've hit the gym two weeks running, doing big heavy compound exercises. It feels really good. I look forward to getting stronger. It's something I'd like to do at least once a week indefinitely. Let's commit to 12 sessions (so that's 10 more that need to happen) before I'll write a report or finding of some sort.

Motivations. I've even feeling a little sentimental the last few days, nostalgic and all. I think it was a passing phase, and it was necessary, maybe. I don't want to overthink it, just acknowledging it and moving past it. I want to do more to help myself, help my colleagues. I want to continue to improve my information diet. There's really nothing on Facebook that's worth reading. I'd prefer instead to read Seneca and Montaigne and so on. I need to revisit my personal todo list, which I haven't done in a while.

Why not? Why isn't that already a part of my daily routine? I guess it seems or feels somehow uncomfortable, somehow unpleasant. Why? Because it involves thinking about things that I haven't done, which is uncomfortable. But I know intellectually that I need to do uncomfortable things. I don't need to spend hours watching skilled people at work, or talking about their work, or reading articles written about such people. I need to develop my own skills. I don't need to worry about local politics, which ultimately doesn't affect me as much as it's tempting to think.

I sometimes still post comments and such in spaces that don't really matter.

I paused for a second right there to look for distractions. It's a sort of sugar craving, a craving for some sort of interaction to busy myself with. What I'm trying to do (and what I just did) is to pause instead, to turn away from whatever I'm doing, to focus on breathing and to just pay attention to my mind. A sort of micro-meditation. And almost always I find that my breathing has been shallow, and that my posture is usually slouched. So what I'm trying to do instead, when I feel the urge to be distracted, is to interpret that as a cue to straighten up. Grab some water. Stretch. Eat some peanuts. (This is also the little space where I used to smoke cigarettes.)

I think a big mistake I've been making is pretending that I can just ignore these gaps, these little bursts of "I want distraction". They were always there and they'll probably always be there. The only times they don't seem to emerge is when I'm playing video games or I'm surfing the Web in a non-directed way, and in both of those cases I'm constantly getting all sorts of exciting feedback. It's the classic slot machine sort of situation. I always want to see what's next. I'm a junkie for that sort of thing.

Pause.

I'm reminded of my boss's suggestion of using a "brain dump" to just throw in all the random ideas and thoughts that come into my mind when I encounter them. I tried it for a while and it seemed to work for a bit, but I never really stuck with it. Why? I think it's because I wasn't framing the problem before. I convince myself that I have all these exciting tangential ideas that might be useful. And sometimes I do. But most of the time the truth is far less interesting, much more mundane. I'm just itchy. For me to scratch the itch, I don't to introduce something genuinely useful. It just needs to be different. When I'm confronted with something difficult or challenging or boring, anything different is endlessly interesting. This is how I've been systematically robbing myself. (Reminder: no self-flagellation- that too is distracting from problem-solving).

So... a big part of the solution is to start by framing problems properly, in the smallest possible chunks. This always feels silly or trivial to me, but I have enough experience now to know that it's far sillier to keep trying to wing it and fail, over and over again. There's a seductive part of my brain that refuses to pay attention to the evidence- it keeps thinking that tomorrow will be different. It won't.

The behavior is pathalogical. Every time I think I've got it under control, I'm wrong. But I'm going to solve this. I know I haven't got it yet, and I probably never will. I'm going to work assuming it'll always be a problem. But I will get on top of this.
I've been thinking and talking and writing for some time about how I've needed to experience some sort of rebirth or revival, some sort of transition from boyhood or adolescence to adulthood or "true" adulthood.

I struggled to be precise about what exactly was wrong or what exactly needed to happen; what I knew was that I was experiencing a general sense of uneasiness. It was making me feel really uncomfortable. I felt like I didn't quite fit in my skin. I was going through everyday life in a bit of a blurry stupor. I was sometimes angry, sometimes ashamed, sometimes frustrated, sometimes sorrowful, sometimes empty. I struggled to be happy, to be calm, to be present, satisfied, appreciative, grateful. [1]

Somewhere along the way since then, I've found myself feeling less trapped and limited. I don't want to use words like "breakthrough" or "leap", because it doesn't feel that way. It feels more like a gentle-but-messy transition that was almost imperceptible day-to-day. The things that have gone into helping me make this shift are hard to pin down. My boss's calm, thoughtful and judgement-free questioning has a big role to play in it. So does me having my own home. So do friends who are thoughtful and kind. And I've had mentor-figures help me indirectly– writers (long dead), YouTube personalities, all sorts of folks.

So what's changed, exactly?

I'm probably oversimplifying it, but the biggest and most important change is my attitude towards moral failure. I've come to believe that there's something called the Moral Failure Fallacy. (I don't know if there's a better name for it, or if somebody's already written about this.)

I've arrived at this from several different trains of thought. The first thread which is closest to my heart is the moral failing of Laziness, or sloth. I've written about this more extensively in earlier vomits when trying to reflect on my own adolescence. It's been a bit too long for me to have super-accurate memories, but I do feel like it was implied to me that I was a lazy person. Even if nobody ever said "You are lazy", there would be questions like "why are you so lazy?" or exhortations like "don't be so lazy". Laziness is a moral failure, and if you are lazy, you are a bad person. You are not doing what you're supposed to be doing. You're a lousy human being. Laziness is sinful, and there is no need to ask "why is that person being lazy?" Man is considered to be intrinsically sinful.

But I found that hard to swallow, because I've always felt like I care a lot about some things, and that I work really hard at some things, and that I had big dreams and big visions.

Since doing more reading about these things, I find that similar attitudes prevail across all other supposed moral failings. A person with a high sex drive is lustful, which is a moral failing. (We're especially judgemental towards women who enjoy sex.) I once wrote a series of posts about how the 7 deadly sins really ought to be thought of as the 7 fundamental drives, and that they're only sinful when expressed suboptimally. This is turning out to be more true and more important than I might have conceived of when I was starting out.

Why do people overeat? Why do people under-exercise? Why do people become drug addicts, alcoholics, cheat on their spouses? "People are bastard coated bastards with bastard filling", "everybody lies"– why? I am not satisfied with "because humans are morally flawed" as an axiomatic truth. It merits further examination. Laziness is task-aversion, and there are many reasons why a person might be averse to a particular task that have little to nothing to do with their intrinsic goodness as a person. In fact, phrases like "intrinsic goodness" are distracting and problematic. One of the worst things about the moral gameshow is that we pretend it's not a game.

And just... continue to think about all the ways the world tells us that we're shitty people. If you don't have a great romantic relationship and a great sex life and great career success something's kinda wrong with you. Why aren't you seizing the moment? Why aren't you taking advantage of this opportunity you've been given? When I look back on my old writing, I see so much guilt. So much subtle stress, a sense that I had to live up to something. To what? To what, actually?

It's startling. When I was younger, I thought I was "philosophical" and curious and inquisitive, and would be happy and willing to ask all sorts of questions about life, the universe and everything. I expected that deeper psychological satisfaction would come from exploring 'higher' concepts, more complex ideas about the meaning of meaning and what have you.

And those things are still really interesting, but I've found myself instead primarily focused on examining my own reality. Observing myself. What do I want? What do I care about? Why do I write these word vomits? What am I trying to prove? What am I trying to achieve? What am I afraid of? What am I chasing after? What am I looking forward to? What am I excited about? What am I ashamed of? And what are all these thoughts and ideas grounded in, how are those things constructed? I find myself suddenly curious about nutrition because I realize it has an incredible impact on the quality of my conscious experience. I have some intellectual curiosity about how the human body works, but it becomes so much more compelling when I realize that it has a direct effect on my experience. I get to design my own reality.

But beyond nutrition, I'm also now curious about moral judgement, and our seemingly intrinsic notions of good and bad. I'm not curious about this the same way I might've been as a kid– to win arguments, to sound impressive and intellectual, and to feel good about myself for going after such lofty topics. No.

I'm now concerned about living the remainder of my life without debilitating amounts of guilt, shame, fear, anger, resentment and so on– and I've been trying to examine where all of those things come from. And that examination is proving to lead (quite unsurprisingly, on hindsight) to really old places.

I haven't done all the reading (endless task), and I don't have all the answers, but I feel like I have a new way of confronting the delightful mess that is my life: it is what it is, it's not my fault (but it IS my responsibility), it's full of imperfections (both inherited and self-created), and feeling chronically, cripplingly ashamed or guilty about the way things are is profoundly suboptimal.

[1] I'd like to believe that there was a sense of certainty underneath all of the doubt and psychological contortions. But that's actually kind of irrelevant– comforting at best, self-delusional at worst. In reality, unverifiable.
I have some recurring dreams from time to time, all with the same fundamental themes of guilt, shame and failure. My brain's Dreams Productions isn't very creative.

Why? It could be trying very hard to tell me something. I think it's a bit of a miswiring- a sort of PTSD-lite, an evolutionary hangup meant to protect me from harm and danger. This danger no longer exists, or perhaps never truly existed.

Anyway, the dreams. I'd like to address them, and hopefully "resolve" them so I don't have them anymore. They're not debilitating, but they do reduce my quality of life. I'm curious about what other interesting dreams I could be having if I stopped having these ones.

1: The first and most persistent dream is grounded in School. I dream about being a student, being late to school, forgetting to do my homework, being insufficiently prepared for examinations, getting into trouble. My parents get called up, my teachers get upset, and so on. My associations and connotations with school are predominantly negative. Perhaps to address this I should visit my old school, or talk to my teachers, or just meditate and reflect on this for as long as I have to. I was always a bit of an outsider and an outcast.

I'm no longer entirely sure of what my thoughts were about my circumstances at the time- each time I reconstruct my memories, I corrupt them slightly with new information, new knowledge, new perspectives.

What's always been kind of surprising is that I feel like I wasn't all that bothered by school. Or I think that's how I felt. It's hard to say. But I have some data points from when I was at my most stressed and anxious. I have writings in diaries from the time where I made plans to study, failed, and then beat myself up over it. I constructed extensive rationalizations to try and explain my failure and misfit. Sour grapes- I convinced myself that I didn't really want to do well, that I didn't like the system and simply couldn't play along, couldn't jump through the hoops. I told my GP tutor as much, this I remember. I remember an older adult friend telling me on a separate occasion that as I grew older I was going to have to learn to do things that I didn't like doing.

I suppose there is sometimes (often? almost always?) a kernel of truth in every instance of suffering. If you're suffering from internalizing a falsehood, the truth itself will set you free. That's relatively easy to do. But the hard part comes when it turns out that... even after you subtract the anger, resentment, guilt and shame, you find that you were indeed responsible (to some degree) for whatever damage was done. The withering criticisms of close friends hurt the most, not just because of the sense of betrayal (which may or may not be misguided- obsessing over this is a chronic loop), but because they were probably right in some way that you know to be true. Yet it's usually difficult or painful to acknowledge. We focus on the delivery of the message, and the inaccuracies, but the fundamental message can still be valid, useful.

The challenge is to acknowledge the failures without adding more anger/resentment/guilt/shame to the mix. Or even a sort of righteousness or delight at the moment of acknowledgement. Not only is it damaging and counter-productive , it distracts from the hard, unsexy work of correcting whatever was mislaid to begin with.

So in my case- my failure as a student was multifaceted. The response from my context was blunt and imperfect, which is understandable because people are blunt and imperfect and I am not at the center of anybody else's universe. My reaction to that response was also blunt, wanton- carpet bombing.

Why did I fail as a student? Partially because of who I was, partially because I was never taught properly in a system that wasn't designed to handle me, partially because I didn't have the right context, perspectives, role models, attitudes. I was relatively powerless and used what little power I had in a very unenlightened, blind, messy way. I'd panic, kick up a dust, and get even further blinded.

This is why meditation is so important. It lets the dust settle.

I imagine the next stage will involve transcending the need to rationalize and reason through the dust. Guilt, shame, anger, bargaining, reflecting, eventually truly letting go. I have not let go yet, but it's dawning on me that I will, eventually. (Death is the final limit- I can't hold on to anything when we die, there won't be an I to do any holding. So the next question is- how long do I want to play this game of pretending that I need to try and hold on to my issues? "Just a little longer," I hear.) I have not truly forgiven myself. I will. It's hard work, it's unfamiliar work. It requires a lot of letting go, a lot of reorientation- which often amusingly seems like "a whole lot of nothing", which is a waste of time in a world where time should supposedly never be wasted, always spent doing, striving, achieving. But we are human beings, not human doings. Downtime is necessary, even sacred. True downtime.

2: The second set of dreams overlaps with the first, and usually involves me being a disappointment to my loved ones somehow. Some sort of failure, some sort of wrongdoing. The example that comes to my mind is me trying to help some girl cheat on her exams- I tried to reason her out of it at first, but she seemed so pitiful that I felt that I simply had to help her. What's with the hero complex? I'm not sure. Seems I've always had it, but it must have started somewhere. I've always had a soft spot for weaker versions of myself. I'm not sure if that will change or if that can be changed, and if it can be changed I'm not sure I should do it. What I do need to change is my approach. I shouldn't help weaker versions of myself by helping them carry their loads (weakening or stagnating myself in the process). Instead I should strive to be a stronger version of myself.

Here I find myself reflecting on a quote that hit hard- a college professor telling his students, "you all have a bit of save-the-world in you, that's why you're here. You need to know that it's okay even if you only save one person, and it's okay if that person is you." Self-love is radical. This isn't new, it's probably as old as human existence.

Why do we even want to save the world? Or rule it, conquer it, take it over, dominate it? Why is this such a dominant trope?

I think there's at least two parts to it. One is that we've suffered in some way, or witnessed suffering, and we want to diminish it. The logical final step is the total abolishment of all suffering. (There are lots of different manifestations and interpretations of this. Some are horrific- assuming that some Other is responsible for suffering, and that the Other should be vanquished. Hello Facism. Another is the technocratic approach- solve suffering with science and Google. There's the "make art, is cathartic" approach. The interesting one is the "Buddhist" one, as I interpret it- that suffering is attachment and illusions. Feels a bit convenient, though maybe ultimately valid/true.)

Another is that we want approval and validation, and there is no better way to be noticed or relevant than to conquer the whole world. At least, it must seem so. I imagine one who pursues conquest to fill a void will, upon completing his conquest, find that he isn't exactly satisfied.
Despite everything I’ve said and done, I’m still in a sort of funny middle-stage in my life. I have a bunch of realisations about reality, and yet I hold on to a bunch of illusions that I know are invalid– but are familiar and “comforting” (although they invariably lead to some forms of hurt, damage, suffering.)

I find myself smiling and laughing at how “Buddhist” all of this sounds. A part of me wish it didn’t, I wish it was somehow new or original, but of course it can’t be. Of course millions of people have struggled with this exact condition and have figured out all sorts of different approaches to living with it, being with it. The important question for me is, what will my approach be? What is my relationship with myself and with everything around me, if everything is impermanent and will ultimately fade away? What is my relationship with achievement, with building, with growth and so on? With relationships? What am I really trying to do here, if I'm really being honest? And why is it so hard to be utterly, completely honest with myself? I suppose because it's still scary. Each time I think I'm telling the truth, I find that there was something I was probably holding back, with a sort of nervous laughter.

What is the real, unvarnished truth? It must be something uncomfortable. It's still true that I'm scared to die, even though I tell myself that I'm not. It's still true that I FEEL like I have something I need to live up to, even though the truth is that there is no such thing, and that it's all invented, constructed.

I walk around every day feeling like I'm being pushed and pulled in all sorts of directions, and while the pushing and pulling is real, it's almost all in my own mind, all internalized, all constructed. And I do believe that it's probably possible to discard all of that. It would be far less exhausting, to operate from first principles.

I'm sure I've written about this before, but it's like breathing or floating or getting am asage or something– I seem to need to do it over and over again to declutter, the reduce the fog in my head, to see more clearly, to be calm and still.

Everything is ultimately meaningless in the absolute sense. The universe is vast, the human is small. Accomplishments will fade away into nothingness. Everything will probably fade away into nothingness. I will die, I will cease to experience sensations and have thoughts and so on in the sense that I currently do. I do not believe in an afterlife in the traditional sense. I do agree with Alan Watts that– if there is an infinite nothingness after death, the next thing that will be experienced, even if it's after the death and birth of an infinite series of universes, will seem to be like waking up after going to sleep– almost instantaneous. Maybe. I don't know. It doesn't make sense to worry too much about tomorrow if the only guarantee is today, cosmically speaking.

I feel like I've drifted away from what I wanted to meditate on. I think I was looking at myself in the mirror and thinking, I'm a child in an adult body. Or I'm an adult carrying around the baggage of my childhood on my back, constantly trying to make up for things that happened a long time ago, constantly telling myself the story of my past before I can even begin to think about my present. What IS my present? There is only now. What if I had just awakened for the first time in my life, to inhabit this present moment as my reality? What would I do next? Well, I would go up to the other human being in my home and say hello. And we would have lunch together, that would be nice. And a nice coffee.

And then maybe I'd look at the sky and clouds for a while, and then I'd think about how I can contribute. That means doing work that is useful to my peers. I want to be useful– this is a feeling I have that might be related to the guilt I felt as a child, but it also feels like something I still feel right now. What would I be doing if I weren't being useful? I guess I'd just be exploring random things. But even exploration should feel like a joy. I have a bookshelf of books that I had chosen for myself, but instead I tend to explore Facebook and Twitter in a state of semi-mindlessness. Why do I do that? I shouldn't beat myself up over it. It's okay. It is what it is. But I'd like to be more aware. I'd like to be here while I'm alive, I'd like to be present. To show up.

I can do that, I'm sure. I just need to practice it more. I can't think of anything more important to do on this long lazy cosmic afternoon.
I had naively assumed that the rest of the country would more or less see things the way I saw them, or fit into my mental model of what was going on, and I assumed that the opposition parties would make more slow-and-steady progress. I thought the opposition would hold on to all its seats, maybe gain one or two SMCs, and maybe gain one GRC, two if they were really lucky. My worst case (for the opposition) scenario was– no change in seats. I hadn't expected that Punggol East would lose a seat, and I definitely didn't imagine that the total votes would go up to 69.9% towards the PAP. I thought maybe at most 65%. I was hoping for something between 57 and 59%, and I would've bet it being 60-63%. 69.9% was completely outside of my range of expectations.

I was wonderfully proven to have a completely broken model of reality.

It made it clearer than ever that I live and breathe within an echo-chamber that isn't representative of reality. Which further cements my realization that my echo-chamber probably isn't very useful to me. The best it does is give me superficial good-feels, which are at best pleasant to smile at, and at worst, mislead me into making false maps of the world.

Actually, "at best / at worst" doesn't quite capture the situation properly. At best / at worst suggests a range of possible outcomes, from which you pick one. (At best $100, at worst $10.)

In this case, both the best and worst "outcomes" occur simultaneously. Indulging in an echo-chamber does give me superficial good-feels (not super-reliably either, but in a rather unpredictable, variable way– which I realize is an attribute associated with addictive things like casino slots).

And the false map is consistent and reliable– that is, regardless of whether I'm getting good feels or not, I'm consistently screwing up my map of reality by being in an echo-chamber. Variable, unpredictable wins, consistent, ugly losses. Which is very similar to other problems I have. Smoking is intermittent pleasure but consistently bad for health. So is sleep deprivation. So is a high-sugar diet.

If I want my life to get better than the cluster of local maxima points that I've been hanging around, I'm going to have to systematically eliminate the bad deals (smoking, sleep deprivation, high-sugar diet, obsessing about things when I don't have skin in the game).

So... what now? It means that I really shouldn't bother reading 99% of the crap that I read. This isn't a new realization, but it's one that's getting reinforced over and over. It makes very little sense for me to care about the things that I cannot directly influence and I'm not directly accountable for. It's tempting to think that this makes me some sort of irresponsible global citizen (and I've heard several different people say the same thing– that they feel some sort of burden or debt to society that they need to repay). But the thing is... the best thing we can do for society is to make a difference where we CAN make it.

It's improbable that I'd have been able to make much of a dent in the outcome in Singapore's general elections– and did I really, truly want to, anyway? Did I really believe deep deep down that it was the most important thing I needed to do with my life? No. It was just a sort of mood that I got swept up in. And I think these moods are basically the softer versions of mob mentality. We look at a riot on TV and think, wow, I'd never be a part of that. But that's a luxury we have when we're not actually surrounded by people who are enraged. It's like thinking that we're civilized and morally upright and all those things. If there's no skin in the game, it's a convenient, feel-good belief.

So... what I really need to do is to disengage from the mob as far as I can. I don't want to get reactionary and angry– I think that was a mistake I made earlier on (though... it seems from a few different sources that it's a necessary phase that people go through in their development. When you find out that you've been wrong, it's very natural to get angry and to want some sort of payback.

The problem is that this anger doesn't necessarily get expressed in the most effective way to make any sort of tangible difference. It's primal scream therapy– makes you feel better in the moment, but doesn't address the root causes of the distress, and so the distress will be recurring.

Many of us will live our lives in cycles of getting angry and frustrated, screaming out, and then getting angry and frustrated all over again. You can see this playing out on Facebook, maybe reddit and Tumblr. But these places aren't representative of everybody. There's a selection bias going on. These are the places people go to in order to express their frustration, and so you get all this information that has been selected-for, rather than an accurate picture of reality.

Tactful, conscious disengagement is necessary. I don't think it's possible to be a complete robot and be completely distanced from things, but it's surely helpful to at least be mindful.

And of course, to focus on the things that I CAN actually change and influence. Right now, I'm writing this, finishing up an old vomit that I had left in my inbox on Evernote. This will be done, and my inbox will be cleared, and I can go on to focusing on my work. If I do my work effectively, I can make a difference to my company, which is part of the broader ecosystem that I care about. The most patriotic thing I can do is to become an awesome, effective individual who kicks butt at work.

I know this to be true. I need to act in accordance with this knowledge.
"Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything — all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure — these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart."

And he goes on to say...

"No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new. Right now the new is you, but someday not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away. Sorry to be so dramatic, but it is quite true."

I'm inclined to agree, though I wonder if we'd change our minds if we could actually escape death (if that statement were ever meaningful).

So it feels here like there are two sets of considerations– how to live knowing that we will die, and what to think about death if it were something that could be solvable (it doesn't seem completely implausible, at least, compared to things like time travel).

I guess for the context of this vomit I'll begin with the assumption that we have no choice but to die– it's the likeliest outcome, so it's worth preparing for. Death is the ultimate constraint, and we have to learn to live with it. If we are to experience joy, we are to experience it within the context of a looming death. That's the big picture.

I wanted to think more about the little pictures though. Day to day life. Of living with constraints and working with them. In the context of these word vomits, I'm choosing to constrain myself to writing 1000 sets of 1000 words, just because. It won't matter in the grand scheme of things, and it probably won't matter even in relatively smaller schemes of things, but it's something I'd like to do. It's a self-imposed constraint. But it feels like a constraint that will allow me to push myself further as a writer, to challenge myself, to grow and learn. And that's a sort of joy.

Beyond the constraint of the word vomit project itself, I have the constraints of everyday life. I have work to do, and my to-do list is effectively infinite. I think everybody's is. The list of books I want to read. The list of movies I want to watch. The list of people I want to meet and have conversations with and spend evenings with. All of these lists are infinite, and I'm constrained by the fact that I have 24 hours in a day, and some number of years left before I die.

If there is to be joy, it needs to be found within constraints. Despite constraints. And perhaps... FROM constraints. I'm just feeling that right now in this moment, even if it seems silly.

I wouldn't wish damaging, hurtful constraints upon myself or anybody else. I don't want to suffer crippling pain or loss, and I don't want to have to go through those things in order to experience a more exalted existence. Though I think it's definitely worth recognizing that people who experience pain, hardship, difficulty, etc do seem to do just that. There's selection and survivor bias, of course. It seems probable that most people who experience ridiculous pain go on to perish or suffer immeasurably with nothing beautiful to show for it. It's a small subset of people who thrive under that pressure and produce diamonds, and I'm not sure if the literature/evidence suggests that that's a possibility open to everybody.

I must admit I do sometimes fantasize about experiencing some sort of crushing, painful loss. I do it as a sort of... thought experiment. I think about the deaths of my loved ones. I imagine getting into a car accident and being crushingly paralysed, disfigured, and so on. What will I do after that? If I can write, I think I'll still write.

This whole thing got a little more dramatic than I wanted to go, but I'll just go with the flow. I wanted to think about how... it often seems like we've been conditioned to live without properly recognizing or acknowledging the constraints that are already all around us.

I was thinking for a long time, why is it that so few startups or businesses etc seem to grasp the importance of solving one very, very specific problem very well? Why are so many people tempted to write business plans that are overly vague and generic, that claim to do all sorts of things? Why do we write that way in general?

My guess is that we were trained to do so in school. Teachers aren't allowed to say, "write something that's really moving and compelling, something that you really believe to be true." That's what people like Hemingway say, and they figure that out, probably, because they've been working at the boundaries.

Yeah, that's my question– why is so much of everything so shitty? I think it's because people look at the world with the wrong lens. And to go back to Jobs's Harvard commencement speech– it's obvious that he wrote those things at least partially because he wanted to tell a great story about himself and his life. It's an exercise in mythbuilding. But the central idea– that he thought he was going to die, and he wanted to do something meaningful within that constraint– I think that's quite legitimate.

I think beautiful things happen because people are mindful of constraints. We write better when we realize that readers are busy and impatient. We live better when we know we're going to die. Maybe that's why there are stories about angels and elves and heavenly beings etc being envious of man, who seems to live so intensely (at least, some of them do). If you'd live forever, you'd never really have a reason to do anything NOW.
I got the more big picture life-long perspective stuff out of the way in the last post, with death and life and all of that stuff. But what I really wanted to talk about I think, is what that looks like in daily life. I was talking to a friend (we've been friends maybe for 5 years now) and we talked about how we've actually been lucky enough to get quite a few of the things we thought we'd wanted, and yet we aren't really that much happier for it. And in the toilet earlier I was reading How To Enjoy Your Life by Dale Carnegie (the joy of reading with constraints! :p), and he talked about how... the things to aim for in life are to get what you want, and then to enjoy that. And that only the wisest of people manage to do the latter. It's consistent with Tony Robbins talking at TED about the science of achievement (lots of people manage) and the art of fulfillment (much fewer do).

I'd like to be reasonably accomplished and I'd like to be very fulfilled. I'd like to, as Robin Williams' character said in that movie with the boys– Dead Poet's Society– suck the marrow out of life. I'm very greedy in that regard. But this greed isn't something that's on 24/7. It's itself constrained by tiredness, lethargy, a willingness to sort of give up, lay low, lie down and allow life to just happen. I'm too tired. I can't keep pushing. I need rest.

There's definitely a certain breathe-in-breathe-out, wax-on-wax-off taoist balance to that, but also I think... it's a sort of energy problem. It's a question of how much energy do we want to consume and how much do we want to expend? I'm going to get all bro-sciency here, none of this is fact– just hypotheticals. We know that human beings are fundamentally lazy. We don't want to expend too much energy or effort. And this is understandable because for hundreds of thousands of years, the amount of energy we had access to was limited. (Constrained.) Today we have access to far more energy.

I'm thinking about this in a very literal sense– food! How much calories should a person consume and expend a day? What's the difference between consuming AND expending very little, and consuming AND expending a lot? Suppose a person ate 1500 and expended 1500 calories– how would they be different from their twin brother who ate and expended 5000 calories a day? Physically, theoretically (with our oversimplistic calorie in, calorie out model), they should look similar. But I have a feeling the reality will be very different. "Energetically" they'll be very different. The consciousness they'll experience will be very different. Right? The lower calorie guy should be much more restful, he won't move around as much. What does 5000 calories expended a day look like? Won't you be able to do more reading, more working out, more playing chess (I remember reading about some chess grandmasters who lose a ton of weight during competitions, just from working their brains that hard.)

I guess... think about the difference between the average human and a performance athlete, and how that's very obvious because it's so physical, but then think about what it looks like in a mental sense. How a monk is different from (and/or similar to) a punk rocker. I have too many assorted thoughts right now to examine any single one too closely, but I'll just keep running while I feel like running.

I've been eating better these past few days. I've been trying to have breakfast more. I drink a peanut butter / milk shake each morning, and it perks me up. It alerts my brain. It's a level of awareness and clarity I didn't have before. And I'm wondering what more could I do? What more could I access within myself? I don't know. But I'd like to find out. I'd like to be more productive. I'd like to do more. I've always said these things, though there have been times where I didn't feel them. There have been lots of times where I didn't feel them. Sometimes I wonder if the only reason I write is because I want to remind myself, when I'm down, about what it's like to be up. I want to hold myself accountable in some way, and I want to remind myself– look! Here there be global optimas! But I only see them when I'm mentally alert, clear, stimulated, deep breaths and endorphins and good stuff washing my brain.

Who would I be, though, without all the constraints and limitations that have made me who I am? I will never know, and I'm not too sure if that thought experiment will be particularly fruitful. That's a meditation for a more idle time. This is an interesting moment for me right now, just to feel my thoughts coming out onto the screen, from my brain through my fingers. I'm in a relatively unique state, I'm very "good-anxious". I'm not always like this. In fact, I'm almost a little sad how rarely I am like this anymore. I used to be more like this when I was younger, but I was also more hot-headed, less self-aware, more ignorant, less careful... so there's a tradeoff. But I'd like to see more of this "energetic release" (broscience, I know. I'm using vague terms because I don't know what the precise terms are. But I'm sure there's stuff going on in my body and in my brain that's a response to my different diet, to better sleep, and to me being more efficient at work that are giving me all these useful vibes that I'm going to learn to harness and use to my advantage).

It's amusing to me, Ha Ha amusing, again how I feel like I've blitzed through a vomit without really cracking into anything of particular value. But that's okay. Right now I just want to keep moving.
I will not be constrained by the limitations of my childhood thoughts and habits. I want to be constrained by the limits of reality. It might be the case that it's not actually possible to well and truly "live life to the fullest" in the absolute sense of the word. We do still have limited energy in some way... right? I can't simultaneously be the most prolific writer in the world AND be a professional athlete... or can I? Athletics is a complicated business because there are people with superior genetics, and everybody does doping, and there are things about our biology that we cannor yet alter.

But what are all the other limits and constraints in my life that are self-imposed, that I can simply either blaze through with excess energy (I'm using that phrase instead of "sheer force of will", because I think will is limited by hunger and blood sugar and sleep and so on, and you can often break a person's will except in really ridiculously exceptional cases, which are exceptional in ways I think that we don't fully understand yet, and can't reliably recreate) Either blaze through with excess energy, or dismantle with careful analysis and artful application of force.

Well... okay. Remove constraints why? So I can fully appreciate who I am within the actual constraints of reality, rather than constraints that are self-imposed. If I write a novel some day, I want it to be constrained by the limits of print, the limits of the english language, NOT by the limits of my own self-doubt and so on. Bla bla yes self-doubt is to some degree healthy and inescapable. But you get the idea. When we live life constrained by mental thoughts (I think usually designed to keep us "safe" in some way, though this can be awfully perverted and damaging), we fail to appreciate the actual constraints of life... maybe? I feel like I'm grasping wildly at this point, so I'll just drop it.

All of this is in a way a reminder that if I manage my energy properly, I can and will burst my dams and explore the region outside of the box that I'm currently in. And that feeling is exhilrating. Growth is glorious. Being able to do more is powerful. It's joyous. It allows me to manufacture happiness in a way that pure introspection somehow was never able to. (Again I think this is something about how the subconscious is wiser than the conscious dares to admit. The subconscious knows when we're full of shit. Maybe. The reality is probably more complex, the relationship between conscious and subconscious is definitely more complex. But I'm just rolling with it, again.)

For me to be truly happy, beyond just sitting and breathing and appreciating life, and being grateful and being kind and compassionate towards myself and all that good stuff (which is a huge thing that I could spend a lifetime getting better at), I think I also need to be honest with myself about my real powers and what I actually have to offer the world. And myself. I feel like I'm going to sleep well tonight because of all this writing I'm doing. This is the third vomit in a row, after me spending over a couple of weeks not really writing very much. Why am I writing so much now? Something clicked in my head. The situation seems appropriate. My wife is in the shower, I have some time. I want to squeeze the heck out of this unknown space of time I have, which I have to myself. Then I'd like to watch an episode of The Newsroom with her, sleep well, wake up tomorrow, eat a great breakfast and crush it at work. It is within my means to do these things, and I'd like to do them. And expanding outwards, zooming outwards. I have an unknown space of time left to live, and I'd like to squeeze the heck out of that, too. And I don't mean that to mean some sort of obsessive paranoid overachieving, I mean... there will be restful periods, there will be great tracts of idleness, but it will be my choice. It will be me recognizing that that is what my situation requires. It will be me operating with the constraints of my reality, of my biology, of my circumstances... and not me dying a thousand deaths inside my head.

I'd like to say that I'd like to decisively eradicate that shit right now, but I know that the truth is that this is a fractal battle. I'll have to fight it over and over again at many scales of reality, over and over again throughout the rest of my life. This isn't something that is won overnight and kept for years. I have to keep going. But the first few times are surely the hardest. Or maybe not. Either way, tonight will bring good sleep. May tomorrow do the same. May I always have the courage and conviction to fight and earn my keep.
A moment of being, as I interpret it, is one of those "oceanic feeling" moments, when life seems startlingly clear, lucid, and you just feel this deep sense of being present. There's more to it but that will do for now.

I find myself thinking about the moments like that I've had- and I find myself wondering if I've already written about them. I wrote one in word vomit 0035, when I had just gotten married. I'm very glad I have that piece of writing- it's a snapshot of my life that I wouldn't be able to recreate from memory, at least not very well. On hindsight, I regret that I haven't captured more of such moments.

I would really like, at the end of my life, or halfway through it, to have a collection of my own Moments of Being. But what do I really mean when I say that? I definitely don't want to spend my life cataloging my life instead of living it. Living is important. But I'd like to know that I have lived. I think in this case a record is a sort of transformational... perspective? You travel the world differently when you travel a camera versus travelling without. And I do think there is a lot of value in "travelling without cameras". Once upon a time, when people travelled, there was no internet, and they couldn't stay constantly in contact with their loved ones. A person going on a road trip or something might be virtually uncontactable for years before they showed up again. That had its pros and cons, and the cons were probably far worse than we remember. Rose tinted glasses and all.

The unexamined life is not worth living. The unlived life is not worth examining. What I seek is the balance between the two. I'd like to live my life enough that it's worth examining, and I'd like to examine enough of my life to know that it's worth living. I think the best way I do this is by writing. When I revisit my "HDB" piece, I feel love. I feel compassion. I relate to my younger self. I feel joy for him, at what has happened of his life. And I feel a little bit disappointed, feeling like I didn't completely do him justice. And I thik both of those things are useful emotions and feelings to have. I'd like to look back 5 years from now on THESE pieces of writing and think, "Goddamn, Visa, I wish you could've known then how awesome you were going to become. How beautifully you'd be doing. How much you'd serve others. How much others would be proud of you. How proud you would be of YOURSELF. How much self-respect you'd earn."

Is it possible to achieve that without writing? Quite possibly. But memories are fallible, and mine are worse than most. We reconstruct our memories each time we remember them, and put them in a narrative that makes sense to us at the present time. It makes sense to capture snapshots of the past because they provide us with real and useful things to compare our present against. I'm rationalizing, of course. I'm a writer, and I'm going to be writing. But I might as well write things that will be useful to me, rather than things that I'm going to be skipping over. I can't be 100% sure what I'm going to be skipping over, and it's not going to be possible for every single moment to be an oceanic moment of being. But I'd like more of them.

Time may prove that I'm being silly, that you can't collect oceanic moments, and that trying to do it is sort of futile. But I disagree. I'm young and arrogant and stubborn, and I disagree. I'm reminded of a TED talk of a guy talking about his motorcycle– Stefan Sagmiester, talking about Happiness By Design. I'm looking at the transcript now– he talked about how he experienced a moment of happiness when he borrowed his brother's motorcycle, and rode mountains while listening to The Police on his new Sony Walkman. Now that's an oceanic moment of being if I've ever heard of one. It's just so... inferrable? There's something about the choice of details. You know how he must have felt. Young and alive and free and full of life and possibility.

I think that's something to strive for in life, it's worth a shot. I mean, we're going to be here on this rock for some period of time, some long lazy afternoon. We might as well talk to some people. Play in the sand a little. Swim a little. Feel the sun on our backs. Eat some good food. Laugh. Play. That's what we're here for. To have a good time. I mean, we might as well. Part of that means living with joyful abandon, part of it means writing with great discipline. And vice versa and blah blah.

There's a whole meta thing to be considered about whether we're ultimately fooling or cheating ourselves in some way, but I'm guessing reality doesn't give a shit. We figure out some sustainable story to tell ourselves, and if it corresponds with our map of reality, it's good enough for us. Most people don't even manage that. I don't know, I don't have to solve everything in one night. But I feel like I got a good shake out of this, so good night!
I've been thinking about this one for a long time, and have definitely written about it before too– the precise question I remember asking is, how long on average does it take a 10-years-of-smoking smoker to quit smoking, from the moment he first decides that he's going to quit? Obviously it's going to fall on a bell curve of some kind, I think. What does that look like? And can we discern what the variables are that determine where a person falls along the curve? It's unlikely to be purely random, I think. Some people are more able to do things than others, some people have better structures, genetics plays a role, so on and so forth.

So what is it that I need to do to solve my "I cannot improvise" problem? I've been talking about it a lot. I've written many many vomits about it; every time I sit down I know that I've written about it before. I feel like I'm only finally really getting started on my meatbag management problems– sleep, nutrition. And I've been keeping a relatively steady calendar of my activities, but I haven't been able to stick to it as religiously as I would like to. But that's completely understandable– if I were able to simply start using a calendar rigorously just by deciding to do it, I would have done it a long time ago. There's always some set of interconnected, Gordian reasons that keep me from doing something that I think or say I want to do. I realize I had some sort of deep rooted psychological issues with food. I think I probably do with sleep, too, in some way. Have I explored those things properly? I think the food stuff I've written, I think sleep... I've tried, but it might be worth another shot. And beyond that... What's beyond that? It'll just be eating and sleeping well. To be fair to myself, I'm not HORRIBLY exhausted– I think I used to feel like this practically every single day, and some of these were "good days". Problem solved just by having breakfast. So now it's just about fixing the sleep part at the same time. I can se the next local maxima just within reach. I'm going to head there and grab it. And having grabbed it, I can then sit down and think about what the NEXT maxima outside my immediate radar might be.

What will it be? It'll probably be using my newfound mental clarity to plan my time much more rigorously. To give myself much more precise instructions, to take all the guesswork and "i'll figure it outs" and "i'll improvise" out of it. The language is problematic. I say "I'll improvise", and I THINK I mean that "I'll improvise", but it's really... I don't want to worry about this now, let's not worry about this now, let's ignore it until it becomes a serious problem. I only deal with serious problems. There's a voice in my head that thinks that, for sure. "I only deal with serious problems". I know how ridiculous this is when I'm observing it in reality. How silly it is that we try to deal with problems downstream once they become huge issues. But why not just address them upstream? Because it doesn't seem like a big deal upstream, maybe. Or because we're so caught up firefighting downstream that we're tired, we don't have the energy to go up.

It's all energy management. And I'm getting better at managing mine. I'm going to get even better still. I'm going to bed. G'night
And I find myself thinking... the meatbag management stuff is just to be able to help me function effectively, so I can then be more optimal with regards to how I handle my life. I realize that I basically have never felt like "I'm on top of my life". I'm always playing catch up. I know that to-do lists are always endless, but I still always feel like I'm behind on my obligations, like I'm not carrying my fair share in life. So all of this again is about me learning to provide myself with the structure and stability that I need in order to function effectively.

I found myself thinking about "goals, processes and values" – the three things (supposedly) that you can focus on in order to improve your life. And again, here I think "improve your life" isn't about improving life itself, whatever that means, but about being better equipped to handle life's challenges. I've never really been super clear about what sort of person I am. I have a bunch of goals but I'm not monomaniacal in pursuing them– it's okay if I sorta screw up, because ultimately nothing matters anyway. I have a bunch of processes, and I've thought about them from time to time, and made some efforts to improve them here and there, but I'm not religiously obsessed about my processes, either. And values– sometimes I encounter individuals that I really admire and I think "I'd like to live a life that they'd admire / be proud of", and that does feel quite sticky sometimes, but it always wears off (I guess the 'answer' there is that's why we should revisit them every day– just like we shower and eat again and again every day.)

But again, I think it's important to ask– if I'm going to be pursuing goals, why? If I'm going to be optimizing processes, why? If I'm going to be embodying values, why? I used to think in terms of things like "getting the most out of life", and I'm sure I mentioned that just a couple of vomits ago, too. But even that can be a bit of a burdensome expectation. "Am I getting enough out of life?" is a question that, if you're not careful with it, can make you feel incredibly unsatisfied, frustrated, unhappy– even though you're probably having a better life than most humans who have ever lived.

So I find myself drawn towards thoughts about meditation, moments of being. And I find myself thinking about dance. Not sure why. Dance is just a nice metaphor for flow, maybe. The point is that life is a celebration, it's a dance, it's play. And the point of everything is to enjoy the dance, to enjoy playing. The problem is, there are all these difficulties and challenges that get in the way. Bills to pay, work to do. Constraints. And I was thinking about how those things need to be worked out, and worked into the dance. Doing gruntwork can still be meditative, and it should be. But we shouldn't kick ourselves over not feeling all profound and deep about everything all the time.

I guess I'm floating around thoughts about attachment. Goals are nice to have, but the goals themselves aren't the point. They're just guidelines meant to serve the dance. Processes are important, they provide structure and stability. But the processes themselves aren't the point, they exist to facilitate the dance. Values... I don't quite feel qualified to talk about values, I think values are a very personal thing. I'm not sure if I can say "values themselves aren't the point", that seems to create some wordplay/complications, but I think values are also meant to guide and embody the dance. [1]

So the point is to DANCE. Or to meditate, or to Be, or whatever you want to call it. That requires skillfulness, and nothing in my life so far has particularly prepared me for it. (If you want to be cheesy, you could say that EVERYTHING in life prepares you for it, but again that's a parlor game. The point is that life is its own challenge, and its own reward.)

So I guess this is just my personal affirmation that I don't have to get too attached to anything, I don't have to get too obsessed with anything. I can and should rely more on my internal compass, which I access through meditation, reflection, exercise and so on. The only thing I really need to do is to earn my own self-respect. And that doesn't actually come easily. I know deep down when I've tried my best. I used to ask questions like, "But how do I actually know if I've tried my best, or if I'm bullshitting myself?" The answer to that question is to go for a run, hit the gym, do some writing, and just keep going until you feel like you have to stop, and then stop. You may second-guess that stop, but then just do it again the next time, and go a little further, lift a little more, write a little more. My internal compass has been muddied from a lifetime of misuse, but it's still fundamentally functional– and I can get better at reading it with practice.

[1] Lately I've been enjoying how Facebook has been surfacing old status updates through its "On This Day" function. I enjoy reading updates from my 18, 20 and 22 year old selves. I feel a lot of sympathy and compassion for how ignorant and naive I was. There are times where I needed a good kick in the ass, and other times where I needed gentle encouragement. I'm really enjoying replying to those old comments– it feels like I'm the older friend I wish I had. And here I find myself thinking, what will I think about my current statuses, etc 10 years from now? When I'm 35, what will I be amused about my 25 year old self? What will I be proud of? What should I do, thinking about this? I really love how Facebook and journalling etc allow us to experience time in such a prismatic way.
Gonna dash out a quick vomit before I go to bed. It's a little late, but it's just one of those days. Bought some new furniture with the wife and assembled it later on, making my house look a little different again. I guess the main thought on my mind is change, and how things progress, how attitudes change, how perspectives change, how constant-ness is really a sort of illusion, how fragile it is and how much things... well, change.

I look at myself in the mirror and I look at pictures of myself from 2-3 years ago and I find myself thinking, sometimes I really don't know who I am anymore. And that's a good thing. That's exciting. It means that things are going to be different. It means that life is going to be interesting and challenging. At some point in my life I was starting to feel like I had learnt most of everything I was ever going to learn, and that everything else was just going to be really small little increments. The grand leaps were over. Or so it seemed.

I don't know if I'll have any real big grand leaps anymore– I suppose having kids would be the next epic life-changing thing, if I ever ended up having them or if I ever wanted that sort of change. But beyond that things are changing anyway. I've been talking about meatbag management quite a bit, and I've been doing more reading about the human meatbag– particularly, trying to fill in all the gaps of the standard childhood education. Hormones, lymph nodes, the nervous system, things like that. I realize there's so much I still don't know. And there's more possibility than I can imagine. My vision for the future is, despite my best efforts, incredibly limited by my consciousness and my perspective, and I should really keep that fact in mind.

Got rid of a bunch of books that I was never going to read. That was an interesting change. From 2010 to 2012, I accumulated as many cheap books as I possibly could, thinking that I'd really enjoy having the options of being able to read anything from a wide range of subjects that loosely interested me. But as I filled my home with them, over time I started to feel a bit stifled. Like I had put some sort of pressure on myself to do reading that I wasn't doing, and then I was feeling a little guilty about it. But I realized eventually that the real truth (I think!) was that my context had changed– I no longer have the sort of boundless freedom I did as a teenager where, in the absence of context or constraints, it made sense to read really widely about really obscure or abstract things. I had a book about essays about the politics of music and language and things like that, really dense stuff. And I think it's pretty obvious that I'm never going to go that deep into that sort of thing, there's too many other things that are competing for my attention.

My wife was telling me about how... one of the important things about decluttering, the fundamental philosophy of decluttering, is that you give up all the parallel fantasy-lives that you think you might want to live, in order to focus on the life that you're actually living. And I think it's important for me to do that. Writing these vomits is a part of my actual-life that I want to live, and so I'm choosing to write this instead of dicking around on the internet, even though I'm really sleepy and lazy. The wife is in the shower so hey why not.

I think an idea that has been on my mind is– just this realization (I feel like I alluded to this in the last vomit) that nobody really prepares you for life. School doesn't really do it. Parents (in my case, at least) don't really do it. It's something that you sort of have to figure out for yourself. And I suppose in a sense that's the best way to learn anything, right? Self-directed. And there ARE mentors and teachers out there who are incredibly generous, if you take the trouble to look. But I guess I still feel some resentment and some sort of sense of injustice for how miseducated I was... even though when I really zoom out I realize that the vast majority of all humans that have ever existed have had it worse than I, and me bitching and complaining about it doesn't solve anything. It's just a reaction to a situation or a realization, and it's not a very thougthful reaction.

The thoughtful reaction would be to resolve to finally open my eyes, to truly wake up and focus on educating myself properly. And I'd like to think that I've been doing that, that these vomits have in some way been a way of me doing that, that the work I've been doing has been helping me do that, that marriage has been helping me do that. All of this is an education on how to live, how to make decisions, how to earn my own self-respect.

I know that the day will come where earning my own self-respect will be a lot harder than writing down 1000 words one after another. Even now, if I ask myself, "Do I really respect myself?" The answer is, "eh, you're doing alright." When I read statuses that I wrote on Facebook in 2008, 2010, I think, "Wow, I've come a long way. I'm so much more now. I would have been impressed, and proud." I think. I might change my opinion on that. But the point is that earning my own self-respect is a constant challenge, and it's a fun, interesting challenge. I still need to develop mastery when it comes to managing my own meatbag. Hopefully I won't have to keep talking about it for another 100 vomits, hopefully by 600 I will be able to comfortably assume that my meatbag management is on track, on point, and I'll be thinking about more complex, interesting problems. The dance goes on.
I have a few more minutes, I might as well try to hammer another one out. Let's check my Trello / Evernote / Workflowy for writing prompts.

Actually, it's amusing how many of my old writing prompts don't really feel very relevant anymore. I have prompts from 2010 that now feel like they're just "stating the obvious", things like asymmetrical warfare, resourcefulness, EQ, mutually beneficial outcomes. I used to want to write about those things as ideas– literally, to sit down and reflect on why EQ is good and important. Today it seems self-evident. I suppose it's because I've been thinking and talking about them, by myself and with people, for a long time now. So I've probably internalized them to some degree. If I wanted to write about those things now, what would I write about? I guess I'd just ask myself– okay, if this is something that I've supposedly internalized as true and valid, what's stopping me from embodying it at a Heroic level? Let's focus on say, resourcefulness and mutually beneficial outcomes. Am I the most resourceful person I know? Nope. Do I consistently create mutually beneficial outcomes in my life? Not as much as I'd like.

Do I want to be? Yes, on both counts– at least to a degree that I personally find admirable and respectable. I'd like to be a person whom, if I met for coffee, I'd personally be impressed by. (You could say that we'd only be impressed by people who are superior to us, and since you can't be superior to yourself, you'll never be impressed by yourself. I think that's fair... so it's got to be a little more nuanced. Just... someone worthy, someone worth living up to, someone worth treating with respect as an equal. If I'm honest with myself, the more exalted, idealistic part of me considers the rest of me to be a bit of a wastrel-bum. I mentioned it hundreds of vomits ago, and I'm mentioning it again.)

Okay, so what's stopping me from being more resourceful? Resourcefulness comes from within, it's a skill that's demonstrated precisely when we lack resources. It's about being proactive, creative, seeing many different ways of doing something, trying alternate paths. Actually... is resourcefulness even a problem for me? I mean... I think my problem is that I don't even properly utilize the resources that I DO have. That's my problem. It's not that I don't have enough resources. I can't imagine telling anybody with a straight face that I don't have enough resources. I have reasonably good health, I earn a reasonable amount of money, I have access to intelligent people and the magic of the Internet... I have a lot of resources! So why do I misallocate my resources still? And I think that is related to the deficit of mutually beneficial outcomes. Or even just personally benefiical outcomes (I suppose "mutual" in the personal sense means "beneficial now and beneficial later", where most of the time I tend to pick what is "beneficial now", such as staying up too late, eating unhealthy, smoking cigarettes, procrastinating on work I know I should be doing, and so on.)

I have enough experience by now to know that grand proclamations are overrated and they don't make that much of a difference. The actual challenge is more akin to trying to keep good posture. You can't win a good posture award by standing really still for some amount of time and then keep the award despite slouching all your life. Posture comes from slow and steady practice, and you can never let down, never give up. So it is with being responsible, so it is with making full use of your resources, so it is with being a generally responsible, effective individual. And if I were being honest with myself, there's STILL something about that prospect that's a little scary. This is a demon I need to slay. It might be some sort of misconception, I might be ignorant about something, I might be framing the problem wrong, it might be an irrational "Ugh Field" that's screwing with me. I was reading a bit of Prozac Nation, where the author talks about how the great worry is that there isn't a way out of depression– everybody says that there is, but what if there isn't, for you? What if you spend a lifetime trying to pretend to be happy, trying to embody happiness, and you take the drugs and follow the therapy only to find that you're just as hollow as ever, just as empty as ever, and you were suffering needlessly?

It's a sort of shitty poverty mindset that's really hard to avoid, really hard to escape from, really hard to rewire. Part of the reason I do these word vomits is to try and rewire my brain, to try and remind myself to zoom out and see the big picture– not a grand idealistic "I want to go to Mars" fantasy pipe-dream that's so far out, so vague and inaccessible that it's really no different from buying a sniff of hope every time you go to buy a lottery ticket. That's not what I need. I need to take lots of little specific actions that I know I can do.

I'm not depressed, but I suppose the hurdle for me is the limiting belief that I'll never be able to be truly on top of my shit. That my whole life is going to be me just trying to explain and rationalize to myself and anybody who's unfortunately subject to my BS that I'm trying my best, that I'm working hard, that I'm trying to make a difference... but then at the end of it all, I'm still the same old shitty me.

But I'm realizing from looking at my old statuses that this isn't true. I HAVE grown and progressed. I AM accomplishing more. I AM stronger now. I AM able to commit to things and see them through. I AM more responsible, even if I still lapse occasionally the lapses are fewer and further in between.

So I don't need to commit to something as epic and grand as turning my life around, whatever that means. That's just setting myself up for failure. What I can do is to complete another word vomit. And another. And ship a blogpost for work. And another. And fulfill my next obligation. And another. And we'll meet again, 6 months from now, 2-3 years from now, and we'll find that we're different people, and we'll wonder why we were so anxious, silly, afraid.
I get the sense that in some ways, masculinity and manhood, in the classical sense, is fundamentally economic. In tribes or nomadic bands, you become a man when you begin to hunt, begin to provide food, become able to provide for a family. A child is fragile (literally). It's a dependent on its hosts, like a parasite (only I guess parasites are unwelcome, while we're wired to love and want children to pass our genes on to or something.)

Modern civilization is interesting. It seems to have been so successful at providing for itself that it doesn't need as many Men (in the economic sense) as before. And this can be a good thing- it allows for the care of the disabled, it allows for the development of art, poetry and so on. (Though that's definitely reductive. Art predates agriculture and industrialization. And I believe in the earlier days artists were supported by wealthy patrons. It was also a way to make a living.)

Aside- it's interesting to think about the role of art in difficult times. Lee Kuan Yew was a man who appreciated literature, but when he became Prime Minister of Singapore he insisted that poetry was a luxury that we couldn't afford. I suppose what he meant was that we couldn't afford to spend tax money on it when there were more life-and-death concerns like housing and healthcare. At the same time I think it's quite well understood that art helps people cope with life. I'm thinking of how LKY read poetry to his wife when she was bedridden, and of that heart-rending rendition of Home by the visiting choir at LKY's wake. And reports of how the first acts of healing following 9/11 were people singing in the streets. Karl Paulnack's speech.

Pause.

I spent some time asking people about their thoughts, mostly along the lines of, when does a boy become a man? There were some joke answers, and some questioning-the-question (I'm well aware that masculinity and manhood are social constructs- I'm not looking for some absolute answer, I'm looking to understand what people think about manhood themselves, whether it be ideas they inherited, reacted against or outright rejected. I don't want to delve too deep into the meta-analysis- the objective of this whole pursuit is to better understand and appreciate the relationship I have with myself and my own self-identified.

Pause.

What is the point of all of this? If I were honest with myself I'm still looking for some sort of validation. I'm still looking for some sort of proof or evidence that I've grown up. I was telling a couple of other friends– I still feel hurt and frustration from all the things I've been told about me since I was a kid– uncooporative, stubborn, disruptive, lazy, not hardworking enough, etc. I'm doing these vomits partially to show that, fuck it, if I want something, I'm going to work towards it, and I'm going to keep going, and keep going, and keep going, and nobody's going to stop me. I think that's part of how I grow up. ALthough I think a part of growing up will also mean being a little less petty, a little less obsessed with other people think about me. I have to grow out of that, I have to seek my own self-respect. Which is a bit of a paradox type thing– if you're still a child, self-respect doesn't really mean anything. Self-respect requires some sort of internal "higher self" to respect the whole.

It's funny. After all of this thinking and shaking and spinning, I find that there isn't really anything big, anything groundshattering, anything different. What I thought was interesting is that there's a fundamentally economic thing about being a man and growing up– I don't mean money, I mean in terms of resource and energy allocation in the most abstract, general sense. About being responsible, about taking responsibility, about consulting and engaging with reality, about navigating and negotiating reality. And when I spend time here, inside my head, away from my friends and peers, I find myself thinking... I really want to get better at all of that. What changes when I'm around people? I guess I become performative. I start thinking about how to look good, rather than how to actually be good. I think I've gotten a little better at knowing the difference over the years, and I'm becoming better and better at controlling myself, avoiding saying stupid things.

Should a person be in a rush to grow up? That's always going to sound silly. But I've always felt like I've been trailing behind somehow. And I'm betting that that feeling is going to persist for a long time, I'm not sure if I'll be satisfied somewhere in the middle. I mean, I can and should learn to appreciate wherever I am at any given moment, that's part of appreciation and fulfillment and all that.

It's weird, before I started writing this I felt like there was a lot that I needed to unpackage here. But now that I'm here, I guess maybe because I've talked about it so much with several different people, it feels like there isn't really anything that needs to be said. I was once a child. I was once a silly, stupid boy who made mistakes, was brash, naive, rough around the edges, messy. I'm not quite the man I want to be yet, and I'm not sure if I'll ever be. But I have made progress, and I will continue to make progress. And eventually I will be at a point where I'm moving faster than my circumstances, at least, faster than the circumstances that I'm used to, the tempo that has been seered into my brain as the pace that my life was supposedly supposed to be.

All of this is an incredibly roundabout, convoluted way of saying that I'm doing a fuck ton of due dillegence before I say my piece, do what I wilt, become the person that I personally think I ought to be. These vomits are roundabout and convoluted by nature, and/but I'll finish them because I said I would. That's one of the things a man does.

I’ve been toying with the idea of getting into the "Writing For Medium” game. I know it’s a little late, but it still seems to be where the action is. Quora is hardly a thrill anymore. It would be nice to get Top Writer for the 4th year running, so I probably should take some time to hunker down and write a bunch of answers, but it’s not exactly a riveting challenge. The killer audience has left.

I’m now wondering if I can build more of an audience on Medium. I had a couple of pieces really take off. My Mean Girls piece had over 29,000 views and was shared by some pretty prominent people, which was cool. I’d like to recreate that if possible. Yeah, I think that’s what my motivation is. I managed to write myself into the top 5% of Quora (in terms of reads/votes/follows, not necessarily in terms of actual quality). I’ve been moderately successful as a content marketer selling referral marketing to online retailers. I want to get better at that too, but that’s what I do every day for a living already. And I’m doing these word vomits, which are nice in the sense that they give me “volume practice” and let me refine my voice.

So earlier I opened up Medium and started writing the first thing that came to mind. I want to do some content thought pieces on Medium, but I guess because it’s late at night I wanted to do something simple. And so I started with “Write For A Specific Person” – which I framed as “Open Letter To New Writers”. On hindsight, “write for a specific person” would be a better title, I should’ve gone with that.

I suppose I’m feeling a bit of performance anxiety, which is funny to acknowledge. I’ve been literally writing hundreds of thousands of words. I’ve gotten hundreds of thousands of Upvotes. I’ve even done well with some Hacker News comments and submissions, and we all know HN is one of the hardest to please groups in the world. (Actually, not really. Just be hyper logical, and use a bunch of citations and footnotes, and science language.)

I know I’m good. But somehow I’m hesitant and perfectionist, as I always am. I suppose there’s no getting around it. I should just write and ship, write and ship. I guess I’ll start with Write For A Specific Person. Or maybe not. But if I do want to play the Medium game, I’m going to have to bite the bullet and just start shipping things even if they don’t give me the stratospheric wins I subconsciously feel like I must deserve. I don’t deserve shit. It’s a whole new medium (hurt hur).

Anyway, I switched to writing this because I haven’t met my target for today yet, and I want to just get that out of my system. Maybe tomorrow I’ll publish something on Medium. I know I have literally hundreds of thousands of words of work to extract value from.

In other news, it's now 2 am and I have 500 more words to blaze through before I can shower and go to bed.

I guess I'l talk about what I've been talking to people about. I was telling a friend recently that I don't really understand friendship. I know that sounds weird, but that's because the words "friend" and "friendship" are shorthand for much more complex ideas that I'm not sure if I can represent right now. This friend in particular is someone whom I've had a few interactions with over the years, have spent a little bit of time with, have had a few good conversations with, but mostly we live separate lives that don't really intersect. I wouldn't typically call or message him on a daily or weekly frequency– it's more like once every few months, maybe.

It's interesting how there are all these different timescales and variables and yet we don't really seem to have a nuanced vocabulary for talking about the many different kinds of friends that we are all likely to have. Or are we all equally likely to have them? I have no idea. I can only make sense of my own experience, and my experience is sort of weird.

Anyway I was telling the same guy today– or wanted to, at least, he hasn't replied my message and is probably asleep- that I thought it's quite funny how, while I don't understand friendship, I simultaneously tend to fall deeply in love with some people. Here again love is a bit of a problematic word. But I can be really drawn into a person... I think especially if they have taste, if they care about something and it matters to them, that gets me all warm and fuzzy inside. It's just nice to be in the presence of somebody who gives a shit about something. We all want to be given a shit about. We want to use tools that were given shits about, we want to eat meals that were prepared with the love of someone who gives a shit. Right?

Yeah. So I guess that's why I'm drawn to people who care about things. It's just beautiful to witness. It's life-affirming. It's hope-creating.

And I was telling another friend– one of the people that I'm falling in love with (I mean this phrase in a very different sense from the classic "I am experiencing attraction towards this person that I would like to see culminate in kissing and touching and tender nicknames" sense)– that it's... so strange how we get caught up with things like Dreams And Ambitions, like some sort of prim and proper little stock statement we're all supposed to have. It's all posturing.

Uhh. I'm sleepy. 40 words to go. What can I say that I'd like to read later? What would I like to remind myself? Hey, Visa... go and bathe, then go and sleep. You'd like to read that you tried to be responsible.
I've been writing word vomits every day for about a week now, and it feels good again. It's interesting to ruminate on this. I wrote almost every single day in the month of July, and I told myself that I wanted to make August a perfect-streak month of writing every day. But somehow I just didn't feel like writing, and so I didn't. And then September came, and I didn't write very much for the first half of it either. But now I feel like I'm back in the game. And what I'm most proud of is the fact that I'm not beating myself up for my lack of progress in August. It feels like the break was somehow necessary for me to refresh my mind, to regroup.

I still don't know what I'm going to be writing about over the next year. And similarly, I need to make my peace with that. I need to stop worrying that I need to have some sort of grand design, or grand plan. Moving forward will primarily be a function of me following my inner compass.

Oh yeah, this is what I was thinking about that I wanted to write about. At some point– around 2010 or so– I thought that I wanted to write a personal development blog for people who're skeptical of personal development. Because I was always skeptical of all the feel-good platitudes and grand proclamations– I was sure that most of the people doing those things were either deluded or farcical, either naive or pretending. And yet I knew that I didn't want to be depressed and cynical and taciturn. So I tried to come up with my version of self-improvement, but on hindsight that stuff was kind of formulaic. I was just regurgitating the work of others. And in a sense I know now that we will always be regurgitating the work of others– just that the repeated process of regurgitating begins to reveal patterns of choice, and it's patterns of choice that reveal our unique perspectives and personalities.

I abandoned the project eventually, and I guess I switched to writing about local politics. And then I abandoned that, and have been focused on writing for work– content marketing, problem solving, technical stuff for things that I wasn't directly concerned about. (Part of a writer's toolkit requires him learning to care about whatever he's been tasked with writing. Everything is interesting if you examine it closely enough. At the same time, once you find something tremendously interesting, you still need to figure out what is interesting from the perspective of the reader– because they aren't interested in you, they're interested in themselves, and what you and your experiences can do for them. That's just how life is, and we can't really escape that fact as far as I can tell– drastic bioengineering type stuff notwithstanding.)

I find myself thinking about TED talks by Anthony Robbins and Brene Brown, and how masterfully they crafted their messages for the TED audience– high-achieving, skeptical people. They got them to empathize with their BS-detectors, helped them agree that they're all highly-accomplished, and that life still sucks sometimes, and they talked about their own experiences of hardship and frustration, and how they personally overcame it. There's a lot to be learned from those TED talks, from how those people had the audiences eating out of the palms of their hands.

So where do I go from here? Does the world need another personal development blog? I grappled with that question before, and back then I found myself thinking, well, as long as you're contributing in some way, as long as you can accelerate the development of what you care about, that's good enough. So I was thinking that even if I was going to be saying the same thing as everybody else, I was going to be saying it to a group of people who might not have heard it before. I'm not sure if I was completely satisfied with that answer then, but I think I have a better answer now.

The world doesn't need "another personal development blog". We can't and we shouldn't try to serve the entire world all at once. The only person I can truly, truly serve is me. And the cool thing is that nobody is totally, absolutely unique– I mean, we are, but we all also have at least a few things in common with a few people in the world around us. The magic of communication wouldn't be possible otherwise. We have at least some things in common with others.

So all I can do is to write the blog that I wish I had encountered. A blog that is sensitive to my challenges, my needs, my frustrations. To light a better way for people like myself. And even then, I think the most important thing is still to serve myself– not to look backwards too much and get obsessed with helping people back there (sorry, JC retainees who keep emailing me), but with helping myself NOW. Writing what I need to read NOW in order to take myself to the next level. This is possible because I am forgetful, and I don't always carry my most important insights with me. I need to evacuate the truth-in-boxes and internalize them. That's the goal. That's the plan.
It's quite obvious that the same applies to any field. Want to be a writer? A musician? A programmer? Start a business? Whatever it is, fuckarounditis is a real threat that will keep you from achieving anything substantial. Think about musicians who obssess over the nuance of the strings they use and the picks and the cables and the precise strap height and so on. Think about people who obsess about productivity systems and apps and such, and yet don't have all that much to show in terms of output.

Fuckarounditis is real. It's dangerous. It's brutal. And I'm totally guilty of it.

From a certain perspective, even these word vomits are a sort of fuckarounditis. I'm trying to go through as much of it as possible to see just how far the rabbithole goes. I suppose with creative work it's a little less straightforward than with a gym workout. With a gym workout, it's very, very clear. Build strength. Do the specific things that will take you the farthest– squats, deadlifts, bench press, pullups. If you aren't doing those things, and you aren't doing them heavy and hard, then you're probably fucking around.

When I look at my ordinary work day, I see myself fucking around. What's my number one priority at any given time, and am I doing it? Sometimes I don't even know what my top priority is. And oftentimes, even when I do know what that priority is, I tend to put it off in favor of littler things. It's like wasting time choosing guitar strings. It's fuckarounditis. And it keeps me from making and seeing the gains that I know that I am capable of.

So what's the solution to fuckarounditis? The first step is acknowledging that there's a problem. And I feel I've done this before, repeatedly. And there's a whole new level of fuckarounditis where you sit around bitching about how you have fuckarounditis and how it sucks. Well... what do you do then? I suppose you just quickly acknowledge, "yes, I have fuckarounditis, and it's acting on me right now." That's about as far as the analysis really needs to go.

The next question should be, "So what's the most important thing I should be doing?" If it's gymwork, either you need to lift heavy, or if you're not in the right frame of mind or you're physically exhausted, then you need to go home and rest. Sleep. And you need to eat some protein. That's pretty much it, really. What state are you in? Lift! Eat! Rest! Repeat! THAT'S IT!

What's the equivalent for work? "Lift" would be doing whatever is high-priority. And highest priority stuff is usually a little smarmy, a little painful and difficult and scary, like squats. It's also pretty much always the thing that I actually need to be doing. Well, so either you roll up your sleeves and do it, or if you're really incapacitated/tired etc, you rest. I think one thing I've been guilty of is not resting enough. That is, I spend a lot of time doing lots of little unimportant things, because those things make me feel like I'm being busy, like I'm "working". But I'm just fucking around. I'm distracting myself from facing the top priority. And I'm losing all these potential gains.

So I think one important thing is to schedule my rest in advance. What to do during rest breaks? Meditate. Play a bit of guitar if I feel like it. Take a short walk if I feel like it. Move around. I don't really enjoy wasting time involved in stupid silly little arguments or discussions online with no skin in the game– I'd much rather watch some quality TV (currently watching Aaron Sorkin's The Newsroom with my wife– it's pretty good. It's funny, it's entertaining, it's thought-provoking, it's all the good stuff. A great way to relax and unwind and yet stimulate the brain). Or otherwise I can really just zone out. Read some fiction. Maybe even go play some basketball. Whatever.

Is there an equivalent for eat? I guess it's learning, studying, looking at feedback, analyzing stats and so on. Getting informed. And I don't do that nearly as regularly as I ought to do, I think. I sort of save it for the last minute. Which is quite similar to how I actually eat food as well, or used to. I'd just put it off until absolutely necessary. I've been reading more about sugar and diet and so on, and it's interesting to think about the symbolism of pastries and sugar and other rapidly digested carbs. They don't just taste good, they give us immediate energy. (The two might be related.) And it's perfect for junkies like me who don't like to prepare for things in advance, who just want to wing it.

The problem with just winging it is... most of the time it's just fucking around. It can sometimes be cool to be able to get out of sticky situation, but life shouldn't be one great grand continuous sticky situation. It's not a constant emergency. And we can prevent that insane cortisol overload by preparing for things in advance. I'm done with this vomit and I'm going to bed. Boom.
Now listening to Paramore's All We Know Is Falling, feels like an appropriate playlist for thinking about the past.

I guess a bunch of it is just tribal instincts? Intellectually I know that there are 7.25+ billion people in the world. 7,000,000,000. But in practice, I tend to think about and fixate on the same 10,000 or so people over and over again. That's like, 1 in 700,000. Suppose only 1 in 7 people are English-speaking that's still 1 in 100,000. An awfully limited life. Why?

I'm not so sure about the why. And I'm more interested in the "what do I do next" question. What DO I do next? It's tough to stop fixating on the past by thinking "okay stop fixating on the past". I need something new to focus on, a new way of being, a new way of doing things. I'm on the train on the way to work right now. Soon I'll be in office. I need a new (relative to me-yesterday) way of doing things.

Okay, at work I'm going to start with lunch, then focus on picking the two most important things, schedule time for them, schedule time for breaks and then just blaze through them. With breaks, importantly.

But alright, what beyond that? Why the glitch? Why the limbo? Is there anything I can let go of? A part of me keeps feeling like I need to visit and talk to old teachers. I know it's silly and that they've all surely got more problems and they've all surely moved on and so on. But if it gives me closure of some sort, why not do it? So yeah I think I should go back to my alma mater and just witness everything. And look for opportunities to meet up with old teachers. I think it'll help.

What about other old friends? I've met quite a few. It's never as earthshaking as I somehow imagined it to be. Most people are doing moderately well for themselves, and they're also stressed and struggling with all sorts of things.

I guess I wonder where all the old fans are. You know? How is the Paramore band LiveJournal page doing today? I've always borne some sort of resentment at how flighty people can be, how easily people can move on.

I say that I don't harbour grudges, and when I say that what I mean I'd that I'd like to wish everyone well. I don't wish anybody harm or suffering, even the people who really annoyed and pissed me off one way or another. Life is surely hard for everyone. [2]

But at the same time I get very irritated with people saying things like "I'll always be there" or "I'll never let go" etc when it's almost never true. I know, it's not actually fair to hold anybody to that sort of standard. But it just seems really cruel and stupid that we bullshit each other. Sometimes we're swimming in so much bullshit it's all you can do not to gag and drop dead on a crowded train.

Okay, that was unnecessarily melodramatic. But you get the idea.

I wish there was someone else like me, at least for a little while maybe. Somebody I can really just sit and talk to for hours. [3] I suppose that's why I write. The conversations I want to have are too exhausting to impose on any single individual. And it's too much to insist on us having that conversation all at once, in the present moment. As far as current technologies permit, writing is my only way out.

But anyway. Even if there was someone "like me", what would we actually talk about? What would be the intended outcome of that inhumanly long, elaborate, digressive conversation that goes on for years? I guess primarily it would be reassurance. I want someone really smart and worldly who I respect to comfort and reassure me that I'm alright. The thing is, am I actually alright or am I not? I don't want a person like that to bullshit me- I wouldn't be able to respect them if they bullshit me, so it's a prerequisite that they'll tell me the truth. And the truth is probably unpalatable. It's probably going to be along the lines of, "Well, what does alright mean?"

Well, what does it? We're all terminally ill, in a dying universe. That's just how it goes. All of this is a sort of quirky-spontaneous celebration. [4]

I'm at work, I'll have to think about this later.

[1] Ah, there's the title. I've been thinking lately about how if there's one thing that I'm getting better at with these vomits, I'm getting better at picking titles. The main heuristic seems to be- pick something that's evocative of the rest of the vomit. Words that do a lot of compression.

[2] I realize I am a nicer person while I'm writing, and there are surely moments where I've wished horrible things on people (like bedbugs). But I think we can all look at the refugee crisis pictures and stories on HONY and say that no, nobody deserves that sort of suffering.

[3] And I feel guilty for saying that, because I'm married to a woman I love and she's my best friend and all that. And if I have hours to talk to somebody, it ought to be with her, or at least that's what the popular consensus would probably be. And at this point I find myself thinking, well, screw the popular consensus, the popular consensus is full of shit and my marriage is my own business. Funny how all these outsider thoughts find their way into the garden of our minds.

[4] It suddenly hit me really hard that "why is there something instead of nothing" is a pretty crazy/epic question. Why did the big bang happen at all? Did time exist before it, outside of it? I should probably reread The User Illusion.
Boredom is "I have nothing to do" the same way a messy closet is "I have nothing to wear" or a messy bookshelf is "I have nothing to read".

It's an inaccurate statement, but it shouldn't be dismissed altogether, because it's a sincere attempt to express genuine frustration. The problem is that most of us aren't very good with expressing ourselves clearly. Let me give it a shot.

What we DO know is there's some sort of mess that we can't entangle, and we're stuck. We can't choose which book to read over all the others. The actual statement should maybe be more akin to, "there are a bunch of things in front of me, but nothing crosses the 'action threshold' enough to make me prioritize it over everything else". [1]

The logical thing to do will be to pick something, anything. Some people are better at doing that than others. But many of us get stuck. It's kind of weird and irrational. The behavior strikes me as similar to insects flying into the lights and getting burnt to death. It's not that the insect is choosing to hurt itself– the insect is merely following a sort of internal logic that's terrible for its unforeseen context. It's a sort of bug (heh).

Boredom is a bug we encounter when

1- a tired mind
2- attempts to find an optimal solution
3- in a cluttered space
4- with options that have unclear utility-values

This is a very fertile idea that can be opened up in many, many ways. It's quite clear, when you think about it, that the 'action threshold' is different for different people with different backgrounds and different skillsets in different situations under different circumstances. Some people simply seem to be able to take action much more easily than others in all situations. Everybody is better at taking action in domains that they like, and in spaces (both ideaspaces and meatspaces) that they're comfortable navigating.

It's also interesting that there's clearly a "paradox of choice" element to it. Which is to say that choosing between two brands of ketchup is way easier than choosing between 25. And in life, I think, there's a lot of pressure to choose what is optimal for you. You inherit an expectation that you should spend your time in a way that is globally optimal. If you only have 2 things you can do, it's pretty simple. But in modern life, we have hundreds of possibilities. Should I practice the guitar? Should I learn to code? Should I read a fiction book? Should I call a friend? How do I decide? Should I learn how to decide? How should I choose how to learn how to decide? Next thing you know, you're opening hundreds of tabs, and the situation just gets worse and worse.

And so you're bored. The 'executive' part of your mind (I don't know the precise scientific terminology– prefrontal cortex, whatever) gets flustered and overwhelmed. So the 'simplistic' part of your mind takes over, and you end up doing things that give you cheap, guaranteed stimulation. You hop over to reddit, imgur, or you play video games, and so on. And it feels good in the short run, but you know that over time it's just going to leave you underdeveloped as an individual.

A quick but highly-related diversion: The problem with BS isn't that it's false. Outright falsehoods are easy to deal with, we dismiss them altogether. A bullshit statement is frustrating because it's presented as truth, but you don't actually know whether it's true or not until you verify it. And verification is costly, it takes time and energy.

That's why "it takes an order of magnitude more effort to refute BS than it does to create it."

Boredom and clutter are conditions of accumulated BS. Boredom = BS in the mind, clutter = BS in your environment. (Worth noting that our environments affect our mind, so decluttering an environment can be very therapeutic.

It's very reasonable, when you encounter a BS statement, to ignore it until you have the time and energy to verify it later on. Dealing with BS is frustrating, it's like trying to untangle many different strings. It takes a lot of patience– you have to be very calm as you go through something that seems overwhelming and insurmountable. Sometimes what we do is we wait for the strings to become a truly Gordian knot, and then we finally feel justified in slashing open the whole thing. That's when we throw out everything and start over from scratch.

Attempted summary:

So boredom is a bug when happens when a tired mind attempts to find an optimal solution in a cluttered environment. You have too many options to choose from. You feel like you ought to choose the optimal option, but you don't have enough energy to go through the process of figuring out what is optimal. So you end up either weakly shuffling through your options, or picking something that gives you short-term pleasure.

When you describe the problem clearly, the solutions reveal themselves. Rest your tired mind. Reduce the clutter in your environment. Decide that it's better to satisfice than to get overwhelmed by the endless optimization problem. If your options have become a sort of overwhelming Gordian knot, chuck everything and start from first principles.

This solution applies to multiple sets of problems, including "I have nothing to do", "nothing to read", "nothing to wear", and so on. What we DO know is there's some sort of mess that we can't entangle, and we're stuck. We can't choose which book to read over all the others. The actual statement should maybe be more akin to, "there are a bunch of things in front of me, but nothing crosses the 'action threshold' enough to make me prioritize it over everything else". [1]
I've realized that adulthood is about parenting yourself, and I suppose in life you also have to be your own best friend. I've met a couple of good people in recent weeks and it's been energizing, so from a meatbag management perspective I should keep doing that. But it becomes clearer and clearer that in the end that still won't be sufficient. Friends can give you validation and support, and really good friends can give you valuable negative feedback. But do we even really need that? If I really sit down with myself and be honest with myself I know what my flaws are and I know what needs to be done to fix it.

So... what then? What's stopping me from doing the things that I know I need to do? I have a bunch of excuses, but they can all be summarized into a few really simple things– I'm tired, I'm weak, I'm scared, I don't know how. To which the answers are– rest, get stronger by doing the smallest things first, recognize that there's nothing to be afraid of and I'm going to die, and be precise about what I don't know and what exactly I need to do to learn the things that I don't know how to do. I suppose I could do a whole bunch of vomits just exploring that.

I've been walking around and around the same old things, and I suppose I've kept myself interested by allowing myself to forget things. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah I'm boring myself.

I want to be my own best friend. I want to be able to confront my own weaknesses and failings and BS and get through it so that life gets progressively more interesting and fun. Because it's very frustrating to stay stagnant, to be doing the same thing over and over again. 10 years of doing the same thing isn't 10 years of experience, it's 10 repeated instances of 1 year of experience and life is just too short for that sort of wastage. Do I really believe that? On some days yes, on some days no, and hopefully over time I can increase the number of yes days, and better cope with the no days.

I once had a conversation with my boss where I told him that I wasn't very good at insisting that shit gets done. He simply asked, "Do you want to achieve great things in your life?" And I said yes, of course. And he said, "Well, if you want to achieve great things in life then you're going to have to learn to insist that shit gets done."

I agree with that argument completely. I suppose what I haven't fully, completely internalized is the premise. Do I really want to achieve great things in life, or do I just kind of want to? Do I just like the idea of it, and am I just satisfied with some sort of halfway situation where I have a bunch of stated beliefs that aren't consistent with my actions? I've learned from experience that the latter is painful and miserable, and it's easy to imagine that it'll only get worse over time. I've seen smart men grow old to become bitter, angry and grumpy– maybe because they wanted to achieve great things when they were young, but they didn't do it, and so they have to construct all these complicated rationalizations to explain to themselves and others why they haven't achieved greatness. And they'll typically have to project their frustrations onto everything other than themselves– I couldn't do it because I was born in the wrong circumstances, raised by the wrong parents, hung out with the wrong friends, read the wrong books, was distracted by the wrong stimuli, wrongfully denied the opportunities that I deserved, and so on. I've done this before– "I didn't do well because I didn't study because X Y Z".

At the end of it all, Hamlet was a terrific wanker. A poetic wanker, sure, but a pain in the arse. I don't want to be Hamlet. I don't want to spend my life agonizing over the question. The day will come where we cease to Be, so we might as well Be in the meantime.

So do I want to achieve great things, or do I not? Well. What's the point of achieving great things? To get validation from others in a meaningless universe? That's hollow. To feel good about myself in a meaningless universe? That's a little less hollow, but still hollow. Everything we do is to feel good, anyway. Even guilt and shame, it turns out, (i'm a little iffy on the science right now) stimulate parts of the brain that are associated with pleasure. They give us a sense of significance. It's a form of entertainment. We're all clowns entertaining ourselves while staring into the abyss. What kind of clown do I want to be? I'd like to be confident and happy. I'd like to be healthy. I'd like to live a long life so I can see more of the interesting things that happen. I'd like to laugh a lot. I'd like to smile and be cheerful.

All of this is ultimately just self-validation. I'm stroking myself, petting myself, trying to make myself feel better so I can better confront the reality in front of me. Maybe I need a little bit of that, as all humans do. But reality doesn't give a shit about my feelings. So... onwards.

As for kinship... when the student is ready, the teacher will appear. That's how it always has been. So I just really need to grow up. If I need to talk about growing up a little bit before I do the actual growing up (and it fits within a writing practice/discipline I'm trying to cultivate), then so be it. But I must be very rigorous about not conflating the two. My growth is a function of the actions I take.

[1] And unfortunately reality isn't so kind as to give us just one Cave to leave– each time you leave a cave you find that you're actually in another one. Each time you leave a box you're in a larger one, and life is an infinite game of this, layers upon layers of reality to make sense of, to painfully navigate and struggle through. The cool thing is that you get stronger and more powerful as you head outwards.

[2] As I wrote more vomits, I get increasingly annoyed by unnecessary verbiage. Which is a nice thing to encounter. My last vomit was something that should be compressed into just a few lines. That will take some editorial effort, which I don't feel like doing right now, but I now know that I have the source material for if and when I decide to do it.
Am I okay as a husband? That's a private conversation for me to have with my wife rather than something to write about in specifics- but loosely it mirrors how I feel about most things. I think I'm better than average but I think average is a very low bar to set.

Am I okay as a friend? Well in this transitional stage of my life I don't really know who my friends are anymore. I have a bunch of long acquaintances that I have some sort of affinity with, and I have old friends who I love mostly because of loyalty and a sense of shared experiences. And I enjoy my colleagues. But who are my friends? What is friendship? What do I really even want from anybody, in life?

I don't know. I think I've learned to be a better person amongst company. I'm less cocky and arrogant and clueless and narcissistic and naive. By all counts I'm much better company than I was 5 years ago. Or even two years ago.

In work, as with my relationships, how do I know if I'm really doing my best? What is my best? My internal compass is still rather unreliable in this regard, it was fed too much bullshit for too many years. I guess when adults said things like "you're only fooling yourself", that's what they meant. It's a pity (for me) that none of them were really articulate and sensitive enough to adequately convey the true nature of the clusterfuck I would find myself in 10 years later. But bless them, they were trying their best and I was just one of countless responsibilities they had. Perhaps one of my little contributions to the world might be this- adequately communicating to ill-disciplined young smartasses what life might be like for them if they devoted too many neurons to learning how to run away from problems. Maybe it will be futile, but it's definitely worth the attempt. Just reading something that's true can have a long-term impact even if it's ignored in the short-run.

The answer again is to focus on outcomes. [1] I shouldn't have to constantly stress myself out by wondering if I'm okay. This is clearly some sort of inherited/learned behavior that I deliberately need to unlearn.

When did it start? Probably in school, maybe at home. I would get in trouble for forgetting something or failing to do something, and my teachers and parents would want to know what was wrong with me, why I wasn't compliant. (On hindsight it's really quite amusing. [2]) And I knew I never wanted to be defiant or retaliatory. I knew some kids were, and I didn't want to be like them. [3] I wanted to be a good boy, at least to some degree. I wanted to be a prefect. I wanted to be important, to have responsibilities, to be a leader.

As I got older I began to skip some classes, occasionally skip school altogether, smoke cigarettes and so on. But it was never particularly an act of defiance. I liked teachers, and I loved many of them.

In fact I was very often surprised by how disdainful some of the "good kids" were. They would do their homework but they would bitch about the teachers, sometimes on blogs or anonymous forums. I suppose these are the same people who perform well in their jobs but post antagonizing comments online. I have never fully been able to relate to this. Maybe I'm just really narcissistic- if I have a criticism, I want the world to know that it's mine. And if I find somebody's perspective or actions etc to be repulsive, I like to engage with them directly about it. [4]

But I never wanted to hurt anybody. I never wanted anybody to suffer because of me. I didn't want any sort of payback [5]... I just wanted to be free, to be happy, to enjoy life on my own terms. It's frustrating how often that that pursuit, especially when you're too young and dumb to know how to manage it smoothly, ends up hurting or annoying the people you thought you cared about.

(I finally fell asleep around here, and am continuing this on the train on the way to work.)

Well then, so here we are, this is who I am and where I've been. What next, what now? Let's look back. Yes, the central question- am I okay or am I not?

Well, what do I ask? What am I worried about? I get stressed out, why? Am I just enjoying playing this twisted sadomasochistic game with myself, where I torture myself? Not quite. I have some sort of bug that I haven't resolved. The bug is that I don't act in my own best interests.

If I were more on top of my own life, I wouldn't be so anxious. I wouldn't second-guess so much. And the solution is technically trivial, I know that. Quitting smoking is technically trivial- when you feel like smoking, don't! So simple. (Technically, so is holding your breath until you die.)

So as I wrote in an earlier vomit, using the non-proliferation of Esperanto as an example - I can't just design solutions that are technically/fundamentally simple. I also need to design for adoption. Adopt what? The habit of acting in my own self interest. Okay, why am I not doing more of that? What are the possible reasons? Lack of clarity about what actually is in my self-interest. Lack of understanding about how much I can actually do in a day. Overloading myself, failing and then feeling bad about the failing.

I goddamn love footnotes.

[1] I second-guess myself about this a little. I do worry about being excessively goal-oriented of having blinders on and missing out on opportunities and serendipity. And I suppose for some people that's a real problem... but if I'm honest with myself I now know that that will never be a problem for me. It's like a musician worrying that learning theory will cramp his style. It doesn't work like that. If you're fundamentally a messy person like me, adding some structure is almost always a good thing. (The inverse is maybe true for fundamentally structured people. I don't know.) What I do know is that having a regular writing practice is better for me than writing purely by whim. Maybe this will change someday in the distant future, but for the foreseeable future, committing to some structure is good for me. Results or outcome in this case can be as simple as committing to start, to showing up. I just need to know that I have made a systematic effort, and beyond THAT I can let the chips fall where they may and pursue serendipity. So this is actually a solved problem.

[2] It's also a little tragic, but I prefer to try and see the humor in it. Everyone does what they can with what they have but it's never optimal. I can wish all I want for things to have been different but it doesn't change the past. The best I can do- and I'm not doing this nearly as much as I should- is to take that fundamental insight with me as I move forward. The insight being that most configurations of reality are arbitrary and suboptimal, and if I want my life to be closer to optimal, that's something I have to take personal responsibility for. It's my initiative, my prerogative.

[3] Again with hindsight it's obvious that those kids had issues of their own, and circumstances that most of the rest of us probably were unaware of- and might not have been able to appreciate even if we WERE aware of them. Isn't this at the heart of all disagreement and conflict? Each side doesn't appreciate the other's context.

[4] I used to be much more trigger-happy about this... I've since learnt that in most cases it's better to disengage, and in the few instances where confrontation is necessary, it's better to be polite and to ask sincere questions than to go on the offensive. The trick to being sincere rather than sarcastic is to recognize that I probably genuinely do not understand the Other's context and perspective.

[5] I'm probably guilty of retconning my motivations here. I definitely had some sort of payback mentality at some point in my teenage years. I'm remembering now what an asshole my vice-principal was to me in Junior College... but even then I don't think I seriously wished him ill. I was just determined to prove him wrong. But now that I think about that, more examples come to mind. I had some "friends" who would mock and insult me and for a while I was motivated by wanting to "win" by being more successful. But as time passes and I get older, the whole idea seems awfully quaint and trite. I'm reminded of the protagonist from Notes From Underground, who was petty and vain. You can't win such pissing contests, because the moment you engage in one you have lowered your own status. The only way to properly "win" is to rise above the whole thing and live well for yourself, on your own terms, indifferent to the ancient squawking of childhood peers.
I'm interested about the expression of all that energy. Children in particular have a lot of it, and I'm always thinking about this when I see them making a lot of noise on public transportation. A part of the weary adult in me gets frustrated and annoyed, naturally. But a large part of me also empathizes. I was a rambunctious child once. One of the noisiest. And I'm trying to get back into that mental state if I can. What was happening? Why was I the way I was? How was I, actually? I don't seem to remember all the details, or whatever I do remember feels like it's been subject to the procrustean bed of memory recreation. I don't think I was intensely active the way sports-playing kids were. I played quite a bit, and I was probably quite loud and noisy while I did. I definitely had a basketball phase where I'd go to the basketball court regularly to shoot hoops, and I'd even practice my dribbling in the area outside my parent's house– which I'm sure annoyed a bunch of people.

I find myself thinking about what we do to young people who are unruly, messy, and so on. These people are quite literally "leaking energy"– they're forces of nature, but Mr. Force Of Nature is also a pain in the ass to clean up after. So the parent and teacher would both really appreciate it if he'd just sit his ass down and shut the hell up for a minute.

Here I'm starting to see the value or virtue of the archetypical "Coach". It could be a football coach, it could be a choir or orchestra conductor... whatever it is, it's an adult figure who teaches the young person to manage their energies and powers in a constructive, productive manner. Sometimes I feel a little bitter because I feel like I never really had that sort of person in my life. I can't really point you to a single person I'd call "coach" from my younger days. I got tiny bits and pieces of it from a few older people that I respected, but I probably would've benefited tremendously from a more established figure. As I write this, I find myself thinking about a friend who spoke very highly of her softball coach.

And now I'm thinking about how, outside of such coaching, which is really quite precious and rare, we don't really teach people to express themselves violently. We tell them what they cannot do instead. Don't talk too much. Don't be difficult. Don't be annoying. Don't be noisy. Don't mess things up. Don't break anything. Don't spoil anything. Don't be a nuisance.

This is usually less to do with what is best for the child and more to do with what is least troublesome for the adult. Which is understandable. I'm an adult now and I do think that the sensitivities of adults should be considered. Adults have been through a lot more shit than kids, and they have a right to insist on some peace and quiet. But I think kids are particularly easy targets because we tend to think that "they're not quite people yet". They can't drink, they can't drive, they can't vote. They're not quite human. They're cute little animals. On probation, not fully alive.

When do you learn to fully live? Where do you go? I think, once you're asking that question, the answer is inside yourself, and everywhere. I'm 25 years old now. I'm ready to be an adult. Part of that means parenting myself, regulating myself. Giving myself the energy and raw materials I need to reconstitute myself and to express myself. And self-expression is always an act of force. It might be a quiet, soft sort of force, but it IS a force. An act of creation is always a sort of violence– it's violence on the status quo. Creation is always destruction. And in this case it can be necessary to be difficult, to mess things up, to break things, but the point is that you have to break the RIGHT things in pursuit of something that's better.

If we are to live happy, healthy, fulfilled lives, we need to manage our energy effectively. We are to apply force artfully. If we haven't been taught, we must learn. Life is short and precious and it shouldn't be spent anxiously fidgeting. We're going to have to eat and sleep no matter what just to persist, just to sleepwalk and lumber over to our graves. Why not eat a little healthier, sleep a little tighter, and dance instead? Why not move with a spring in the step? Why not leap, soar, fly?

We can and should let go of all the shackles that we inherited. They weren't meant to hold us down, they were meant to make life less difficult for the tired people who were entrusted with the responsibility of our survival. Once we recognize this, we can see that we're wearing some really outdated shackles. Some of them come off just with a little shaking. Others require elaborate lockpicking, which can be really frustrating. But no matter how frustrating it gets, surely it is worse to remain shackled. I know this in my bones– denial of this tends to be a sort of resigned sense of failure. But I get back up again. And I might as well keep doing so until the day comes when I truly cannot.

"Above all, a living thing wants to discharge its strength — life itself is will to power."
A: I was hoping to catch you in a more relaxed, unprofessional sort of mood. I feel like every time we talk, we typically end up talking business. Or even when we're not talking business, there are sort of all these subtle, implicit, implied expectations. I know they'll always be there, but I think even then there are conditions where they're more prevalent and they're conditions where they're not so prevalent, and that there must be some utility to the latter. Or it might just be fun. There's utility in fun. We might need a little fun.

B: *chuckles* Sure. How can I help you?

A: I guess I wanna start by saying thank you. Thanks for being here for me. Thanks for talking to me, listening to me, asking me the right questions, being patient with me, guiding me. It's made a lot of difference to me. I sometimes seem grumpy or lethargic or unhelpful or unproductive, but when I take the long view it's clear that I'm a much better person than I was before, on almost all counts, and your role in that is substantial.

B: That's very touching, but...

A: If I want to repay you, the best way to do it isn't with feels, but by giving you what YOU want.

B: Righto.

A: And what you want... is for me to perform at my best.

B: Simple as that.

A: And yet strangely... I don't seem to be doing that. Against my better judgement, against what I know to be optimal, it seems like the parasites or the saboteurs within me are always looking to weasel their way out of being accountable to hard reality.

B: Sounds pretty creepy.

A: It... does, doesn't it? But yet it never seems creepy to me while I'm swimming in it.

B: That's the creepy thing about creepy things.

A: So... I feel like there must be some things that I'm not telling you, that we haven't addressed or talked about, and I want to try and get at them now.

B: Sure.

A: I'm not sure what to say.

B: Keep going.

A: I think I still carry a lot of stupid shit around. Have I said that already? I'll say it again. I'm still carrying a lot of stupid shit around. A lot of weight and baggage. It feels like I've thrown a lot of it overboard, but there's more where it came from, and I become conscious of how much more there is, and suddenly it feels heavy all over again. And intellectually I know that all of it is imaginary, right? I can just let all of it go. I was reading an article today about how placebos make people feel better at a dramatic rate, so much so that the "sham treatments" aren't really "sham treatments", but they're practically... actual treatments!

B: Mmhmm.

A: So it's a game people play. This is my game. I'm stuck in this cycle of being the irresponsible or errant child that needs to grow up, and yet it's still a very small loop that I'm in. The maximum amount of initiative I take is still surprisingly small, surprisingly limited. I can and should be able to expand myself greatly beyond that which I am right now.

B: What do you mean?

A: It seems like I limit myself psychologically so that I can continue to play a familiar, predictable game of being barely tolerable.

B: What do you need to do to remove this limit?

A: Well... in the past it was physiological. It was a lack of sleep, exercise, bad diet, I was smoking. I'm sleeping and eating better now. Eating better, for sure. I exercise semi-regularly, and I need to be more regular about that. I went cold turkey completely of cigarettes, then I smoke once in a while... I've had moments in time where I was better on each count, but if you look at the big picture on all counts, the overall trend is good. I'm progressing.

B: So what are you worrying about?

A: Worry is part of how I limit myself. I worry instead of act. I get all self-conscious about my performance instead of performing. I feel sorry for myself, or I think about all the drama and perspective... I still haven't fully internalized the fact that there's a very simple underlying reality to things, and I don't have to worry so much about interpretations and such if I just focus on getting the reality right. I've definitely written about this, several times.

B: So...

A: Why haven't I gotten past it? I guess I'm addicted to it. I'm addicted to drama and worry and rushing from point to point and chasing after deadlines at the last minute. It makes me feel relevant and significant. It makes me feel alive. I like the thrill. It's like ... autoerotic asphyxiation.

B: That's a disturbing image.

A: I know. But it probably is that, some sort of deep kink or perversion that's wired deep into the way my mind functions. And the most twisted part seems to be that _talking about the kink perpetuates the kink_. It seems to be that way. Everytime I talk about my problems, I'm reminding myself that I am a person who is significant in the sense that he has problems. It's the placebo effect of sorts, isn't it?

B: So what does that suggest you should do next?

A: Well, the hypothesis I haven't tested is– let's spend 12 weeks pretending that I DON'T have problems. I mean, I have challenges or whatever, but let's just pretend my childhood and everything never happened. "What was it like growing up?" "It was perfect. I literally had a perfect childhood. Everything went great for me. I was happy, satisfied, fulfilled. I love my life. Lots of opportunities. Lots of excitement. The only thing I'm sorta bummed out about is that I didn't contribute more, but I'm making up for it now."

B: You think that will help?

A: Worth running an experiment.

B: If you say so.
Haven't written a full vomit in a while. Sometimes I get started but then I don't finish. Had two or three starts recently but somehow didn't feel all that compelled to complete it. I want to say "mainly perhaps because I was distracted by other things"- but that's not nearly as clear-cut as it sounds. In physics, there's this idea that if there are two bodies in empty space, you can't tell which is moving towards the other. They're either both moving towards or away from each other, unless you have a specific frame of reference.

Similarly, it's hard to actually tell whether I moved towards distraction or distraction came to me, whether I was led away from my priorities or I moved away from them. It's tempting to say "I got distracted" as if it were something that happened to me, because from the perspective of the naive ego-centric consciousness, everything that happens "happens to me". It's perfectly logical to believe that, the same way it's perfectly logical to believe that the Sun rises and sets (when in reality, it is the Earth that orbits the sun).

So let's try a slightly different way of seeing things, since the old way never really got me very far and frankly got pretty boring even a couple of years ago, or a couple of hundred vomits ago. Distraction happened. I moved away from my practice of writing every day.

Perhaps it's a necessary sort of break, to move away and to breathe and rest and get some perspective. I accept that that's a part of the process, and I no longer harbor as much neurotic frustration about that fact. [1]

So what then? I suppose I'd like to understand it all better so I can breathe more easily about it. As I write this I'm on the train and I'm observing all the humans around me. There's a pretty young girl in a white sleeveless top, a stylish black-with-white-patterns bandage skirt and really stylish white-and-black heels. She's lean and stands tall. But her arms are also crossed and she looks really nervous. She's a university student, probably- there's a lanyard hanging out of her black handbag, and there's a cute little soft toy Keychain hanging. To my left there's a lady in an almost full niqab, with just a slit for her eyes. We made eye contact for a second a while ago. Her phone has a magenta case. I wonder what her life is like. I wonder what she's thinking. The girl right next to me is studying about logarithmic functions. I wonder if anybody really appreciates or enjoys the beauty of math in school. She does seem very focused, and I admire that.

Anyway the point I wanted to make before I trailed off into describing the people around me is- as I've grown older I've become more conscious of the nuances in other people's body language. It's clearer to me now that people are rarely very comfortable. It's interesting to hear Jennifer Lawrence say she's tired of trying to be cute. It's interesting to see Olivia Munn look a little uncomfortable or bored in some of her sexy photoshoots. (Speaking of which, I always thought Singaporean girls on our FHM covers seemed really bad at being sexy. They have rather sexy bodies, but the language is all over the place. They're rarely sensual. I get the sense that they're trying to fit the role rather than expressing their own sexuality. Maybe I'm just projecting.)

For a long time I was incredibly self-centered- and I suppose in most senses I still am, and always will be, but at least I'm a little more aware of it with each passing year.

Real, deep confidence is very rare. I think I usually see it in rich men, and I used to vaguely think that if I got richer, I would be more confident. While that is partially true in the sense that the two are slightly comorbid (and I'm definitely a little more confident now that I have a full time job as opposed to being a younger, unemployed person)... Actually, I'll explore this train of thought in my next vomit.

[1] I recently revisited a piece somebody had written about Alan Watts, long before I had started listening to the man's delightful lectures. In it, the author quotes Watts as being a little critical of the notion that Zen is about sitting still for hours and hours day after day. Watts talks about how cats lie around until they're done, and then they get up and stretch and move on to do whatever they want to do next. And I think that's the sort of approach I want to take to my practice. When I want to write, I shall write. When I want to do something else, I'll do something else.

Agonizing about one thing while doing another is a very odd sort of perverse kink, and I've definitely been guilty of it. I think it's something I learned to do when at school, and have carried it with me as a way of life. It's a sort of performed helplessness, communicating to self and others that I'd LIKE to do everything, but I can't and I'm so sorry. I think I developed this as a way of rationalizing my own incompetence.

I was talking to a friend about this- how I was self-flagellating a lot in my late teens and early 20s. I felt like there were things I wanted to do but I wasn't doing them, and so I beat myself up internally- was I a fraud? A pretender? I know better now- I lacked project management skills. Discipline is a skill. My friend mused- ah, you needed a mentor. And I realize that had a lot to do with it. I never learned a musical instrument as a kid, I never played competitive sports. The only things I did were play video games casually and argue with people on the Internet.

So the challenge for me over the past couple of years, and for the forseeable future, is to practice and develop discipline as a skill. And to learn to let go of the damaging self-flagellation. That will free up action capacity that I don't currently possess. I need to use that action capacity to better understand myself and the world around me so I can continue to take better actions in my own self-interest and to the benefit of people that I care about (but I repeat myself). I've definitely written myself to this point many times in previous vomits. The repetition might be necessary in order to reprogram myself. Is there something else to it though? Maybe. I'll figure it out.
This post was written direct to Medium.

For you? Of course! :-)

Before anything else, you have to know what you want to say. No, seriously.

You have to really, really know what you really, really want to say.

It sounds simple, but most people screw it up. It doesn’t even really occur to them.

School doesn’t teach you this. School teaches you grammar and vocabulary and syntax. Because those are the things that you can grade on a test.

What you can’t grade is how sincere a piece of writing is.

So we have this frustrating situation where people are educated to write in a way that’s “examinable”.

As I examine your writing, for instance, I can tell that you have a masterful grasp of grammar. I can tell that you have a spectacular vocabulary.

But I have no idea what you actually want to say. Because you don’t either.

And it’s not really your fault. Nobody taught you.

Most bad writing happens when the writer vaguely knows what she vaguely wants to say. The unfortunate thing is that we often respond to such writers with, “Wow, you’re a shitty writer. Maybe writing isn’t for you.”

That’s because we have a poor understanding of how good writing happens.

It’s unfortunate because anybody who actually sits down to write something probably has something in them that’s worth developing. We should encourage them to persist and try again.

Good writing comes with practice. It comes with rework. It requires editing, rewriting, rethinking, refinement.

When you encounter a weak piece of writing, there’s one simple question you should ask the writer:

“What are you really trying to say here?”

Ditch the script. Screw the big words. Forget about “style” and “tone” and “voice”.

Tell me, honestly, what you really want to say.

What’s the point of the entire piece? What do you want me to feel? What do you need me to know? Say it in as few words as possible.

If you don’t know where you want to take us, no road will be good enough.

If you DO know, however, you’ll find that we’re a lot more forgiving about the bumpy road. Because you got us somewhere.

(If you’re a casual writer, you can stop here. If you’re a psycho, though, keep reading.)

In the world of drawing and animation, there’s a concept called the Line Of Action. It’s the backbone of a piece. It’s utterly critical.

If you get it wrong, all the details and color and photoshop and such won’t save you.

If you get it right, you can get away with being sketchy and simplistic and your viewer will still understand what you’re trying to say.

Do a Google Image Search for “Line of Action” and you’ll see hundreds of examples.Similarly, you need to figure out what the Line of Action is in any piece of writing that you do.

My personal favorite way of doing this is to explain it to a smart friend over IM. Let’s a get a little meta here, and pretend I want to tell you about a piece of writing I want to do.

You can’t get better at writing without… writing. In my personal experience, there are about 5 stages that you go through.

IMITATION: With writing, as with language and with any other creative act, we learn through mimcry.We start with bad imitations of what we encounter. It might be cute in its badness, but mostly it’s embarrassing.

ACQUISITION: Over time, we develop a body of knowledge. We use that knowledge to modify our output. This is where we begin to develop a “style” — every person has a unique vocabulary, and draws from it in a unique way. You develop your unique style not by trying to be unique, but by constantly expanding your body of work.

PATTERN-RECOGNITION: After a while, we start noticing patterns and develop hypotheses about what works and what doesn’t. This allows us to review our older work and go “Hmm, that’s why this was good, and that’s why this didn’t work.” This is the sciencey part of art, and it’s a lot of fun. There’s a lot of learning to be had, and you feel a lot more powerful each time you understand your craft better.

CONTEXTUALIZATION: As we go deeper, we start thinking about our output in a more nuanced way. Initially, it’s a victory just to have some words on a page. Later, we begin thinking about how those words might sound, what they imply. Even cooler is when you begin to see where your writing fits in within the greater body of all writing that exists. And then once all of that is second nature, you start thinking about what is really, really important.

EXPRESSION: Eventually, you internalize all of the earlier parts– all of them are like “engines” that keep running, and they make you better in a myriad of ways. They become a part of the way you see the world, and it’s really joyous. Finally, you experience the magical state of Flow. This is when the choir of angels sing and beautiful sentences march out of your fingertips, fully formed. You can’t wait for this to happen, though. You have to work really, really hard for it.

So my advice is…

1: Read like a shameless lovesick junkie. Don’t force yourself to read things you hate, or things that people tell you are “important”. That’s a fast-track to self-loathing. (Some people are kinda perversely into that. If that’s you, that’s fine… just be mindful about it.)

Either way, read whatever brings you joy.

Off the top of my head, I recommend Ray Bradbury’s “Zen In The Art of Writing” and Ogilvy’s “Confessions of an Advertising Man”. Also Steven Pressfield’s “War of Art”.

But really, just find good stuff that resonates with you, and inhale deeply. Reading is a mind-altering pursuit that’s actually safe and legal. What are you waiting for?

2: Write like a stark-raving lunatic. I recommend that you measure your progress as a writer by sheer volume of output. You WILL be a different writer at the 100,000 and 1,000,000 word marks respectively. Hell, you’ll be a totally different person.

And don’t try to write well. Just write. Why? Because you can’t write well before you know what good writing is. And you can’t know what good writing is until you’ve done a lot of reading and writing.

So if you want to write well, you have to let go of the perfectionistic death wish of trying to write well.

Instead, accept in advance that a lot of it will suck. Embrace the suck. Make love to the suck. Don’t try to avoid it or outsmart it. Acknowledge it, face it, and get used to it. Day after day after day.

3: Revisit and edit your work like… a responsible adult. You know that amazing book that you love?

It wasn’t written on a magical day struck by divine inspiration. It went through countless drafts and and a hideous process of carving, culling, restructuring and rewriting before it became something beautiful.

The book you see was probably 10% of what the writer had actually written, maybe less.

This is the least sexy part of writing, but it’s also probably the most critical. It’s project management. You have to keep track of your work, review it, analyze it. Doing this is something you’ll probably have to schedule and develop a routine for.

If you’re serious about writing, though, you’ll grow to enjoy it. It’ll look boring from the outside, like a teacher grading papers. But you are your own teacher, and you’re grading your own papers, and you’re helping yourself become better. It closes a feedback loop.

4: Enjoy yourself. This is where I’m going to get a little prescriptive, but hey, it’s my piece so I’m allowed.

Don’t write for awards.

Don’t write for accolades.

Don’t write to impress people.

Write what you wish somebody had written.

If you get attached to thinks like Likes or Shares or your position on a Bestseller’s List, you’ll never be satisfied. And you’ll never really do your best work.

And that’ll be a damn shame, after all that work.

As I say even to the casual writers, what do you really, really want to say? Write that. That’s what I want to read.

With love,
Visa
It's always fun to pay attention to all the different kinds of stimuli I encounter, which then trigger a series of parallel thoughts.

Today, an old friend (we used to hang out after school over a decade ago!) reached out to me to ask me how I'm doing, and how I decided to do what I'm doing.
A colleague asked me to think about what I want to be doing for work 6 months from now, and a year from now.
A conversation with a colleague on our commute home got us talking about how we spend our time after work.
And finally, me and my wife have lately had a few productive conversations about how to get things done within the context of our partnership as coauthors of our mutual experience.
A short while before writing this I was listening to Alan Watts, as I do quite frequently, and he was talking about the limitations and the illusory nature of the Self, and how in a sense we're all just memories and patterns of behavior. We're stories that we tell ourselves.

Well, so what is my story? I've retold it many times in these vomits, and part of the point of constantly retelling it is to give myself many different data points, many different retellings to examine and evaluate. That's one of the things I sort of do for fun. I psychoanalyse myself.

Why do I do that? I still feel like there's something in me that needs some sort of correcting. I don't mean in a blunt, surgical sense; I mean more like in an alignment sense. I have patterns of thinking and being that I think are suboptimal for me. These are things that I sort of inherited, or are otherwise patterns that I fell into without being mindful of them.

Back to the story. What IS the story? What AM I doing? Well. I'm about 25.3 years old now. That's an interesting thing. I think until I was 23 or so, I still felt like I had the inner monologue of who I was from 16 to 20. I was still carrying around a lot of guilt, frustration, confusion, anger, etc. [1] It was stuff that I felt I needed to fix.

I feel like I've very recently begun to learn how to adult. I've started to eat healthier. I'm more consistent with my work and obligations– I'm better able to manage myself, my time, my energy, my resources. I'm nowhere close to perfect, but I've come a long, long way from the chaotic incoherence that characterized my teenage years. I'm pretty proud of that. That's progress.

I'm over 80kg now, I think nearly 85kg. That's surprising to me still. I spent many, many years stuck at 64.5kg, constantly trying to get to 65kg. I would go to the gym, lift weights, but I would be stuck at 64.5. In the past two years I've gained almost 20kg. I think part of it has to do with the fact that I've stopped growing (bones, etc). I can't do as many pullups as I was able to when I was skinnier. I can run as quickly as I could when I was skinnier. I do think I'm somewhat stronger, I can lift more weight. I've learned more about my blood sugar levels (which were horribly volatile in my younger days– all that candy and coke and noodles; ugh). My ideal weight is actually around 100 to 110kg, and I intend to gain that weight in muscle mass while simultaneously getting fitter, faster, healthier in every dimension.

What about my mental life? I used to sleep really late all the time, and I have a few instances these days where I still do that. I occasionally sleep at 4am, and once I pulled an all-nighter to ship some work and slept at 7am. But these are increasingly becoming anomalies. It's 10:10pm now and I'm in bed already, and this is becoming a more common thing.

I think a lot of this has to do with the calming effect of having my own home, and being able to be comfortably alone all the time. When I was younger, I think I liked the late night because it was just so much quieter. (And one of my colleagues pointed out, it does seem like the Internet is faster in the wee hours). I would like to be able to sleep and wake up really, really early to see what It's like if I START my day with that sort of quiet time; rather than end with it.

What about my psychology? I think I'm a lot less insecure than I used to be, and a lot of this has had to do with me earning my own salary, paying for the food I eat and the roof over my head and the water coming out of the taps and so on. I've also been pretty successful both at work and with my craft as a writer, so those are reassuring.

I've gotten a lot of positive feedback from the world around me (though I'm well aware that it could be misleading and I should always solicit negative feedback, too). I've given talks and hosted parties and spoken to a lot of thoughtful people, and the general consensus among them seems to be that I'm quite hard on myself, that I'm doing pretty well by general standards (though of course, why would you want to hold yourself to general standards?) and that I'm generally a kind, generous person.

I used to be a lot cattier– I used to pick fights with people on social media, I was very argumentative. I like to think that it was never vicious or malicious– I was always just really passionate about communicating with people, and if they disagreed with my perspective, I wanted them to see how I saw things. I didn't necessarily always think I was right, but I was a lot less sensitive to other people's points-of-view until fairly recently. Over time and experience I've learned that people have different experiences, world-views, and so on. I can now deal with disagreements in a sort of smiling, light-hearted calm manner. I'd like to be able to do more of that, and do it better.

What about my relationships? I've sort of disconnected from some of the people that I used to hang out with and talk to every day. Part of that was just changing circumstances– I had a group of friends I'd meet regularly, and we all lived nearby, and we all had similar schedules. I've since moved pretty far away, and we all have different work schedules, some of us are overseas, and so on. I still meet some of them from time to time, but the group that I hung out with doesn't quite exist in the same way anymore (as far as I can tell).

I also had an online community that I had started, and it was a great source of pride for me. That group has since run its course– people developed friendships that they took offline, the conversations began to dry up after getting a little repetitive, and the whole thing has sort of &#8216;passed on' now. I have good relationships with more than a few of the people that I got to know there, and I'm proud of it. We're all still sort of connected one way or another, and I met quite a few of them at a friend's wedding recently. It's pleasant.

One thing I really enjoy is reading my old thoughts and statuses and messages on Facebook thanks to the On This Day function. It's very interesting to read my own words from 5 years ago. I was a lot more verbose then. I've come to value clarity and simplicity more– and to my credit I DID actually post a status in 2010 talking about how I wanted that. So I have that now, relative to what I did then. Another win for me. I think I was a lot more idealistic and excited when I was younger, but also a lot less effective, efficient, systematic, disciplined. It's nice to read my old words and get fired up again, eager to fulfill the dreams and ambitions of the naive youngster I was. And It's also nice to feel stronger, more effective, more calm. I'd like to feel more of that in the coming years.

I've enjoyed reconnecting with old friends. Time is a very interesting thing. I think I hold on to things much tighter than most people. I still think about childhood stuff all the time. To be a little more precise– I don't HOLD everything in my immediate consciousness all the time. For example, when I was in Junior College, I had one Vice-Principal who was sincere, engaging and very admirable. I had another who I really disliked. I don't think about either of them on a daily basis, but I do think about them from time to time, especially when reflecting on my younger days, or when somebody or something triggers the thought. And I find that I can still summon an intense respect for the first guy, and a remarkable loathing for the second.

I'm not sure how other people do these things. I still think about fleeting moments I spent with distant acquaintances years and years ago, and I'm pretty sure none of them think about me as much as I think about them. But again, It's not like I think about them ALL the time, It's just that I have this sort of habit of reminiscing. I imagine this will just keep getting more fun and more interesting as I get older and collect more data points, and revisit old data points, and rekindle and revisits relationships and see things from entirely new perspectives, in entirely different lights. The idea of that excites me.

I no longer play in a band, and I no longer harbor rockstar ambitions. On hindsight a lot of that was me desperately seeking the approval of others. I wasn't doing so well at school, and I really wanted validation from others in some way shape or form. As I get older I realize that validation from others can be a bit of a numbers game. Talk to enough people and eventually you'll find some who tolerate you, perhaps because of some weirdness on their part. Surround yourself with people like that and you have an echo chamber That's kind of divorced from reality [2]. And then these groups develop their own sort of internal rules, and they inevitably seem to have some sort of periodic drama (which might be a group's way of figuring out its internal pecking order). It's frustrating, and it seems to totally hijack the lizard brain's social instincts.

Far better instead to seek validation from yourself, by doing things that make YOU proud. You are your own toughest barometer. You know when you're bullshitting yourself. You know when you've truly done something great. You know when you can genuinely do better, and you know when you've done what's reasonably your best. It took me some time to shake off my own BS, and I've still probably only shaken off maybe 20% of it. (And it seems like that might awalys be the case. The more we know, the more we realize we don't know.)

Am I totally self-validated? Nope. But I'm more comfortable with silence now than I was before. I'm more comfortable with failure, or with encountering somebody who disagrees with me. I'm more comfortable struggling in the pursuit of something non-immediate. I'm more comfortable acknowledging the value that structure and discipline and schedule and such have given me.

So; what next? One of my visions for my own life is to grow old and be surrounded by great company. To earn the respect and admiration of smart, thoughtful, compassionate people who are accomplished and have grown and contributed. And the idea isn't to con those people into liking me, the idea is to earn it by working hard at things that matter. Of course, ultimately nothing truly matters and everything is just a grand cosmic laugh. But I do think that some people are more fun to be around than others, and if we're all sort of floating around on this rock, we might as well spend time with other magical beings that we like.

What do I want to do? I've increasingly found myself less and less satisfied with lofty goals and highly specific ambitions. I realize that I envy the confidence that rich, acccomplished people tend to have– but I also know that not all rich, accomplished people are confident. So It's not that I want riches and accolades. Rather, I want to become a person who is deeply comfortable and confident in his own skin. And I do believe that that sort of deep confidence leads to all sorts of success in all sorts of endeavors. But that isn't what really matters, anyway. Those are just sort of barometers or guidelines. What really matters is that I can live with myself, and that I sleep well at night, and wake up every morning excited to be alive and eager to confront the challenges that await me, even if they're technically meaningless in the ultimate scheme of things. I want to play and have fun, and that means solving problems, learning things, developing new ideas, having hypotheses, failing at things, being wrong about things, learning and growing.

I know that I will continue to work with words, probably for the rest of my life. I'm almost halfway through this 1,000,000 word project. Why did I do THAT? Well, I wanted to travel a great distance to see what I'd become at the end of the journey. The journey IS the destination, all that good stuff. And already I feel like I've learned a lot. I feel like I've grown a lot. I'm definitely a very different person from when I've started.

I'm developing this ability to express myself, and I'm going to continue to get better at it. Along the way I will use this skill towards ends that I see fit. I want to help people. I want to make the world a more thoughtful, compassionate place– That's still true. I'd like to contribute to the spreading of the light of consciousness, so that we might all enjoy the splendour of existence together. And there's a chance that I only have that goal because I want to spend my fleeting existence around other people with similar goals. So be it, that companionship is worth fighting for.

I want to be a good husband to my wife, a good colleague to my coworkers, a good friend to others like myself. I want to be of assistance and use to less fortunate versions of myself around the globe. But all of that are just outward-pointing ways of saying that I want to be all-right on the inside. I want to realign myself. I want to get stronger. I want to be able to evaluate situations better. I want to be able to plan and predict better. I want to practice and refine my foresight. I want to be able to influence reality in a direction that is good and just.

That all sounds nice and good and rah-rah, but so what are the next steps? Well, I need to continue writing as much as possible. For a period of time I was writing every single day. I was taking a bit of a break. Now I'm writing 3 vomits all at once. I don't want to get too obsessed with the nitty-gritty details, but neither do I want to lose sight of the big picture. The journey is the destination, again. The point of writing is to write. To enjoy the writing.

There are some nice outcomes that happen along the way, but those aren't the point. The point is that whenever I write deeply and honestly from the heart, I feel a great catharsis. I breathe deeper, I smile broader, and I feel less edgy and anxious. I'd like to continue doing those things. This is my meditation, it is my celebration of my own existence in a manner that is uniquely my own. I don't need to explain it to anybody (though I do have a lot of fun trying). I think That's the biggest difference. To see it is play, as a joy.

I'm thankful for the opportunity that life has given me so far. I'm technically a wealthy human being, by global standards. I have a lot of things to be greatful for. Food, shelter, water, loved ones, a fully functioning body, work That's quite fulfilling, colleagues I respect and admire, and passion and pleasure. And all sorts of teachers, books, videos, crystalized human thoughts. I'm swimming in a lot of love every single day, and I should appreciate that. And I'd like to contribute to it. It seems like a good idea.

[1] Talking about it aloud always blows it a little bit out of proportion, because we can't quite communicate amplitude in writing. Now That's a thought– imagine writing with different font sizes, for example, to explain that an awfully elaborate thought might actually still be relatively low in significance. Like fractals, like detailed patterns on a leaf when you still want to point out that the tree is way bigger.

[2] Although you could argue that we're all divorced from reality, It's just a matter of degree, or that being insulated from harsh reality is still an experience of some sort of reality– you just get burnt a lot worse when you finally encounter some sort of painful truth that you can't deny. I'm not really interested in digging into the details right now, but That's a very ripe vein for exploration.

So what's next? What lies ahead?

I want to do more. I want to be more. I want to serve better.

I want to empower more people in a much more personal way. I foresee becoming a mentor figure to young writers, which is a prospect I find very exciting. I'd like to give back to others what I have received. [1] Often I have to be careful to make sure that I'm actually doing something that is globally optimal for myself and in line with my vision and goals, rather than wasting my time engaging randomly with random people who aren't particular invested. [2]

But yeah, I'm going to be hiring a bunch of writers and I'm going to be coaching and mentoring them along the way, and I really look forward to that.

What else? Well, for me to do a good job at that I need to get better at managing my time, which means I need to get better at working with my calendar and my todo lists. I need to remind myself of what I want, which is to "spread the light of consciousness" so that can have very high-functioning individuals to share my existence with, and we can do cool things together that we can enjoy and be proud of. Again, all of this is still knowingly against the backdrop of an ultimately meaningless universe– all of this is still ultimately play.

Wow, also, I'm incredibly frustrated with things that don't make sense. Things that aren't well designed, that aren't intuitive, that get in the way. I want to come up with things that fix things. I actually think the way we often teach guitar is somehow pretty stupid. I'm not a guitar master or a music theory master, in fact I'm quite a noob on both counts.

It's interesting how there are some things that I used to do that I no longer really care for, and some things that I've always wanted to do that I still want to do. I used to want to get good at poker, thinking that it would impress my friends and that it would also teach me a lot about life. I guess as I've grown out of that situation, I can get my life lessons from the work I do, from my word vomits, and from other things that I find more intrinsically pleasurable. I find myself increasingly drawn to music again, and I want to master the fretboard of the guitar. It feels like a solvable problem, lots of professional musicians have a very thorough understanding of the fretboard. I feel like that will bring me endless pleasure for the rest of my life. So that's something I'd like to do. I'd also like to do an SGtropes project, which I think I'll do on visakanv.com/sg.

Today wasn't my most productive day, and I'm not entirely sure why. I slept pretty well. I ate pretty well. I shouldn't have been as tired and sleepy as I was. But I also suppose that I've had far less productive days in the past, more frequently, and I was just more tolerant of them then than I am now. I guess I just need to remind myself of what I want, and learn to focus, and when I'm in a lousy mood, I need to walk away and refresh myself.

[1] This is a recurring theme for me for some reason, and it's been something that deserves some examination. Why do I constantly feel some sort of urge to engage with people? It can be manifest in both productive and unproductive ways.  and it seems probable to me that the fundamental drive might be something very innate about how I operate. I'm just this endless firehose that constantly wants to engage with people all the time. That's part of why I'm doing these word vomits- to challenge myself to say everything that I can possibly say (within a large context) and then extract out whatever is really, truly valuable.

[2] I've gotten to a point where I can get SOME utility from almost any interaction- but it's clear that some things are dramatically more effective and influential than others. And the challenging thing is that the most effective things are uncomfortable, while the less effective or barely effective things tend to be really fun and easy to do. So I can't use fun, pleasure or comfort as heuristics in the short term, because they lead to suboptimal outcomes (which are far more miserable and uncomfortable than the struggle of becoming stronger). So the challenge is to develop a sort of dashboard or heuristic for navigating this counter-intuitive landscape. To get comfortable with being uncomfortable in the right ways for the right reasons.
One of the ideas that stuck out for me on my latest re-read was the idea that the Resistance is so reliable and consistent as a force of nature that we can actually navigate by it. That is, it will always try to stop us from doing the thing that we most want or need to do. So if we're not sure what to do in any given instance, simply examine the landscape and see what we feel least comfortable doing right now, despite us recognizing that it needs doing. And then do that. I have been a little lackadaisical with my vomits lately, compared to the month of July when I was doing one almost every single day. I was feeling pretty alright with the break, because it legitimately felt like I needed the break. But over the past few days I've started to feel that sort of edgy irritibility creeping back into my body, and that's a sign that I need to start writing again. So here I am, writing. Fighting the Resistance. And these are the little fights, these are the simpler fights. The bigger resistance in this case is actually the work that I need to do for... work. That I am always constantly afraid of, at least slightly. Constantly a little uncomfortable. Or maybe a little bored. But you see, that's the whole point. That's how Resistance works, that's how it conspires to keep you exactly where you are.

Another thing that resonated with me on my re-read was just a meditation on self-government. He who will not govern himself will be governed. And I find myself thinking, what's the present state of my self-governance? I'm more in charge of myself now than I was a year or two years ago, but I still allow myself to be controlled by my circumstances. I still depend on my environment and my peers to determine my behavior.

Why? Fear of responsibility. Fear of being absolutely, truly in charge of my own destiny. Loads of people say they want it, but a large percentage of them say it because they want to say that they want it. It's identity performance. Actual self-determination is utterly terrifying. It's you facing up against the abyss, you being entirely responsible for your own validation, for everything that happens. Every bit of misery, every bit of pain, every bit of frustration, it's all on you. That's hard to swallow for a lot of people, and it's definitely been hard to swallow for me. So it's tempting to play the victim. And it's not so bad if you play the victim on social media or in conversations with friends so that people pat your back and go there, there– but again, that's just people doing what they're wired to do. To make you feel better. Not to actually fix situations. Heaven knows they're struggling enough with trying to fix their owns, or live with it. No, no, no, no, no. The only way out is to take responsibility.

And it's painful and scary but it's the only way. Once you've seen it you can't unsee it. I can't spend my life as Benjamin, the tired old donkey who witnessed the world around him going to hell and chose to just quietly, passively sit aside and say that it's not his problem, until he ultimately lost his closest friend to the boilers. I mean... I'm overdramatizing, as I often do, but the point is. The Resistance is real. The Resistance destroys lives. Lots of people accept that as a part of life. Death is a part of life, but Resistance doesn't have to be, if we choose to fight it.

Going back to fear... how do you get over fear? You never quite do. You just put yourself in the scary situation. You face it head on and decide that fuck it, living in fear is worse than confronting it. And in the moment of confrontation you find that it wasn't nearly as bad as you thought it was. And this is a hell of a trip, the few times in my life that I have actually done it. It's exhilarating. It's adrenaline without the life-risking. Just doing things that you've never done before, putting yourself in situations that you've never put yourself before. Facing up against the Resistance.

Get back up.
Why do you read?

Humans were social long before they were individuals. We're fundamentally tribal. We live in groups. Have you seen a newborn giraffe? It's walking around happily just minutes after dropping out of its mother, like a strange alien egg-beast. Have you seen a newborn human? It's utterly useless. Soft, crumpled, fragile, weak. Humans take years and years of development before they become even remotely functional. It takes a village to raise one.

It's interesting to look at our nearest cousins on the tree of Life– the great apes– and see how they function. Mothers carry their children close against their breasts. Warmth. Protection. Love. As they get older, they start playing and fooling around. Rolling around in the grass, swinging around in the treees. Then there's grooming, how they clean each other, resolve conflicts, strenghen social bonds. And they hunt and eat together.

Robin Dunbar, the guy who came up with Dunbar's Number, suggests that spoken language becomes a cheaper way of doing social grooming. That's what small talk is all about. We're not really talking about the weather, we're just sharing a frame. When you look at it this way, things like religion, sports teams, and really, most of the media, all start to make a little more sense. It doesn't matter what we're looking at. What matters is that we're looking at it together.

What about writing, then? Writing started out for practical reasons, but somewhere along the way we used it to express ourselves. No doubt we were singing and dancing long before we had words to write, but the written word endures beyond the present moment.

What are books? They're little bundles of paper, made from dead trees and imprinted with carbon black. It's people taking their inner thoughts and perspectives, working really hard to reshape them and represent them in the form of ordered squiggles (with burnt tar!) on a piece of paper, so that others might reinterpret those squiggles and recreate those inner thoughts and perspectives themselves.

Words are signposts that allow for the representation of ideas and the transmission of knowledge. They're part of a vast, ancient human endeavor, the production of language and meaning. Billions of people have been working on it for trillions of man-hours. When you read, you're breathing in that process.

I read because it makes me a part of humanity. We live in cities now, and one of the deep tragedies of city life is that we don't properly get to feel like we are a part of the Earth. We don't always get to enjoy the splendor of the open sea or marvel at the shimmering stars in the night sky. But language, that's something we can always dive into. Every word has thousands of years of history behind it. It's been through the minds of countless people, and been morphed and remixed and fallen in and out of fashion before it reached our eyes, our fingers, our minds, our tongues.

Books are mind-altering substances. I read because life is a hell of a trip, and books help me to recognize that. I read because books take me out of my own boring point of view and allow me to see through the eyes of another. To walk a different path. To think different thoughts.

What's the point of all of that? Well, life is short and we're all gonna die and the Universe will decay to a lukewarm nothingness. In the meantime, we're given tickets to this really odd amusement park. And we could either just sit around and wait for the park to close, or we could go on the rides. If you have 10 hours in an amusement park, why ride the same ride over and over? Why spend all of it sitting on the bench? Well, you could if you really wanted to, but why?

I read because it's interesting. I read because boredom is frustrating and painful. I read because I need wonder in my life in order to convince myself to persist. The promise that tomorrow will be more interesting. Even YESTERDAY becomes more interesting when you have a new way of looking at it. You reinterpret the data. When you meet old friends, you have new stories to tell, new perspectives to share, and you can watch their eyes light up. "I've never heard anybody put it that way before," they'll say.

I read because I am alive, and I live not just as an awkward individual flitting around anxiously in meatspace, but as a wave in the vast ocean of human thought and consideration, in idea-space. I read to be a part of a conversation in which I fit, in which I am relevant, in which I get to choose how I want to connect the dots. Where I get to have my favorite scientists and artists and philosophers and rockstars and everyday folk all in a dinner party in my head, and I don't need to worry about all the meatspace and meatbag considerations like what to feed them or how much they should drink.

I could also theoretically just watch videos and hang out on social media and such, and lately there are some videos that are very beautifully crafted– so much so that I think it's worth calling them books.

Does that sound a little forced and outdated? If it does, I think it's because you're not thinking far back enough. Since the printing press, the term "book" has meant "written document". But why? It comes from the Proto-Germanic "Bokiz", with cognates "buch" and "buche". Beeche. Part of this is from beechwood tablets on which runes were inscribed, but it possibly also refers to trees themselves.

A book is a tree, both literally and figuratively. It's a fractal representation of human thought, giving fruit and shelter to who seek it. Branching outwards, rooted firmly in Earth, grasping towards the light.
My brain is swimming in oceans of thought and I love it. The words that are circling my brain are– Hermes, Hermetic, Mercurial, Manichean, a deep dissatisfaction with superficial clickbait, the Peaks and Valleys of the Self, all culture as technoculture, the medium is the message, the written word as Animism, infotech booting up the sacred self.

Something becomes clear to me, something that was sort of unconsciously buried in my mind that I'm not sure I've ever made precise. Part of the reason I do these word vomits is a sort of personal rebellion against the modern state of affairs. That sounds a little higher-and-mightier and haughtier than I was hoping it would sound, but it's in a sense true, perhaps in both positive and negative senses.

I realize that I have been getting tired and weary of everyday life, and that if I want to persist and survive and thrive and enjoy living, I have to create meaning for myself in a manner that is of my own choosing. I can't just accept what is given to me by my circumstances. I can't just read whatever is on Facebook or Twitter, whatever the herd mind decides is relevant at any given moment. That's not my proper wavelength. That's not the pace at which I want to be thinking, being, seeing, feeling. I've always felt that I don't quite fit in neatly into the world around me, and to be fair I don't think anybody does. But I think that also goes beyond the physical– the fact that my limbs are too long for the chairs and tables that I sit at, for the doors and windows and taps and mirrors around me. My mind doesn't fit in at a schoolboy's desk, either. My mind is wild and crazy and a total firehose. For a while I wondered if this was merely me finding an excuse to avoid doing the work that I was tasked with, and I think that was definitely part of the equation of my adolescence. But now that I've spent many years away from school, and many hours alone by myself, and away from the minds and spaces of others, I realize that this is also fundamentally who I am. I am a man who operates in hundreds of thousands of words, not just clickbait. And yeah, that's a bit of a false dichotomy, I can and should try to summarize my thoughts and make them accessible for communication, because it's through the feedback loops of communication that ideas are refined and developed. But my "home" base is massive. I need many, many, many data points. I need to read many many books and drink in many, many ideas.

I'm thinking about when I'm tired and dreary and frustrated with life, and I'm thinking about how much of that is a result of a sort of dissatisfaction with the status quo, a sense that there's nothing to look forward to, nothing to imagine, no possibility, no excitement. And that's a sort of death all by itself. It ends with cynicism and despair and this terrible malaise, a sort of depression.

Reading these books– and I haven't even fully gotten around to thinking and writing about the ideas in them, and the collisions that they've been creating in my head (that I'm not even fully aware of yet until I write them down)– keep me sane. They make me realize that there's a vast ocean beneath the agonizing superficiality and short-term BS of ephemeral day-to-day communications. Most of communications is small talk, less about the subject matter and more about playing status games with one another. And that's fine, that's a part of what it means to be human. But part of what it means to be Visakan Veerasamy is to eat and drink vast amounts of information from far, far out of what's in front of me, and synthesize all of that in a glorious explosion.

There exist potential ideascapes and spaces that have yet to be explored, yet to be painted, and I need to hold on to that realization, that possibility. It will keep me excited and eager to wake up in the morning.
The first vomit of the day is done, and it's now 5:34. If I can keep this pace up (of course I can't, but just for the sake of hypothesizing) I should have two more done before it's 6am. This is fun.

I really like Alan Watts reduction of complexity about the many different sort of ideological conflicts in the world into Goo Vs Prickles. There are two sorts of people in the world, the Gooey people and the Prickly people. The Gooey people are idealistic, naive, creative, vibrant, vague, romantic, soft, dancing, singing, improvising, feminine, dark, warm. The Prickly people are cold, stiff, logical, scientific, deductive, reasoning, cynical, pragmatic, specific, nuanced. They manifest in all sorts of Manichean (a new word I just learned, hehe) conflicts. Arts vs Science. Feelings vs Thinking. And so on.

I've always intuitively (and logically) thought that each side is awfully boring by itself. I've spent time hanging out in "intellectual" circles, and frankly the prickles get to me, especially when there's a lack of goo– no compassion, no warmth, no humor, no joy. Everybody's just attacking everybody else, or otherwise indulging in some sort of annoying jizzfest. It's overmasculine in a negative way. I've sometimes tried remedying this by spending time instead in Gooey communities, but they're always a little disturbing too. A little too much quackery, a little bit too quick to "go with the flow" when the flow might be leading us to some sort of toilet sinkhole. I don't know, I know this sounds a little presumptuous, as though I've somehow figured out the balance. I haven't. I often feel guilty, when I'm spending time in one group, like I'm betraying the other, or not doing enough justice to the other. That said, most groups are quite happy to reinforce their initial circumstances and beliefs, and aren't too interested in taking in the Other's perspective unless you carefully couch it in language that is friendly. Which is something worth doing, when you have the time and energy, but ultimately you have to ask yourself, where's the balance? I think every single person has to draw a different line in the sand for themselves. And the fact that I haven't found something satisfactory to me is proof that I need to build a space for myself where I feel comfortable. I believe in the importance of scientific rigor, and yet at the same time I believe that it's important to speculate and have imagination and suspend judgement + disbelief when examining fresh new ideas that might still be anecdotes, imprecise, inaccurate, ugly. Our myths and urban legends tell us a lot about ourselves even though they're fictional.

Which reminds me, I really do want to get into learning about Jungian archetypes and the whole Monomyth idea, and I want to learn more about Pagans and Animism and all that shamanistic jazz. I don't believe that they have some sort of solution to our world's problems, or that they necessarily have some sort of superior perspective. Just a slightly different one. And I think a lot of it is probably quackery, and the quacks in every group are always the loudest, most vocal– and they misrepresent their groups. [1]

I think science is something we shouldn't be suspicious of or ashamed of. I think that it's fucking silly that we live in a world where anti-vaxxers are a thing, and where people are denying climate change and so on. At the same time, I think there is room for poetry and literature and imagination and the sharing of things that aren't quite real, aren't quite accurate. I think there's something interesting in the whole world of vibrations and chakras and whatnot. I think we should learn to be able to say, "There isn't scientific evidence for this, but it's a hypothesis we have, or a myth or a ritual of some kind that we find calming." The Placebo effect is a very real thing, after all.

Which brings me to the conscious realization and acceptance of the fact that ultimately, these vomits are meaningless too. But if life itself is a sort of Sisyphian activity, it makes sense to me that we ought to pick our own hills and our own stones to roll up. And this is mine. It's ULTIMATELY meaningless, but it's relatively more meaningful to my primitive, provincal human brain. And that is real enough for me for the time being. I can do it while simultaneously considering bigger, broader questions about whether I should bother or not. But as a friend tweeted recently, deliberating between two options is sometimes time spent that could have been spent doing both. So in this case I choose not to deliberate too much– or I deliberate BY writing, BY thinking, BY doing these vomits, and if at the end of it I decide that I'm not going to bother, so be it. At least I tried. At least I developed some self-discipline and some self-governance, and that's a useful skill to have for the remainder of my life while I'm trying to maximize my own utility function.

Now, is that a gooey world view, or a prickly one? Is it fundamentally cynical or idealistic? When I've done my job properly, even I won't be able to tell the difference. And that's the whole point.

[1] Why does everyone have some sort of obligation to represent their groups, anyway? I suppose it boils down to the fact that we were social creatures long before we were individuals, if we can even really begin to imagine or pretend that we're individuals, and groups matter to people more than individuals, no matter how much we pretend that it's not the case. Or perhaps, even when there are individuals who care about individuals, they're going to get outnumbered and outweighed by groups. Except when they stumble upon the actual truth, or a closer version of the truth than what the groups hold. Because the truth wins out in the end.
There's something very Zen about that. It's funny. We start out that way but we're educated and taught by school and society and our peers that we ought to be worried all the time. And the worrying saps our energy. If we let go of the worry, again, we can often do twice as much as we want. We could do the work, and be done, AND go and play. But somehow there's something seductive about the worry and stress. I read something somewhere about how it actually activates the "pleasure" part of the brain– not sure what the details are. It's not that it literally feels good, but that it's habit forming? The worry and stress are painful, but the pain functions as a sort of self-regulator. [1] So then we navigate by the worry and the stress. It makes us feel somehow relevant and important. The aches and pains in our body and in our head remind us that we're somehow significant. Somewhere else in the brain we think "Oh, poor me, all that suffering." But the suffering is optional. We take it on because we prefer it to the suffering of the unknown.

This is mindblowing stuff– I've probably said it before but it's a Truth In A Box– something that's so radically outside of our (or at least my) everyday experience that we don't quite know how to contextualize it. Accepting it as true requires radically recreating everything else that we know to be true, and that's really hard and uncomfortable and I've already moved in all my furniture and unpacked everything and I have plans for how I'm going to develop and such over the next few years!

Poor little me. Hahahahah. Alan Watts laughs at it, and he talks about how Zen masters laugh when students come to them and say "Can you please help me, I'm so stressed and tired and weary", and they're like, who's stressed? Who? You? God? You're stressed? Don't make me laugh. Hahahaha. HAHAHAHAH! It's fucking hilarious! [2]

What else do I want to say... I guess the entire human pursuit of trying to seek validation from others is fundamentally broken. I'm thinking now of Ribbonfarm's Gervais Principle and how Sociopaths supposedly have to create arbitrary meaning for the others, because they're somehow incapable of creating it for themselves. I don't know how it happens. I guess we're born clueless, we're born in the zoo, and facing the actual indifference of reality is too shocking, too scary, that we're willing to retreat to remarkably twisted and cruel zookeepers to get validation and treats. We all want validation and treats. It's sickening when you think about it, but we go back to it over and over again. Because it's familiar. Searching under Streetlights.

Ultimately there are no idols. Nobody knows what the fuck is going on. Some people have their heads screwed on better than others, some people are better at navigating shitstorms than others. But I can't keep continuing to navigate based on worry and fear and shame and guilt, and I can't keep depending on other people to help me decide how I should spend my time and what I should prioritize and so on. I guess as long as we're in the suboptimal space where we're still driven by shame and peer pressure and such, it makes sense to seek better peers. And as social animals we're always going to be influenced by our peers. But ultimately my true North should be the work that I know in my heart I want to do. I just have to stop ignoring it, and stop enjoying the masochistic pain of Poor Little Me.

[1] See, this is goo. It's an unfounded hypothesis. I will have to refine and correct the hypothesis the moment somebody shows up with proper science. The annoying thing about prickly people is that they seldom just go "Hey, here's a refinement of what you're trying to get at", but "WRONG. YOU ARE SO WRONG. OH MY GOD WHY ARE YOU SO DUMB." I guess it's easy to get personally offended whenever people don't see things the way you do, or don't have the context that you do, and so on. I wonder why I'm rambling on about this. I have some strong feels here, which is pretty interesting.

[2] Comedy and laughter seems to be one of the best ways to mainline truth into the brain. We laugh when something is unexpected, when the punchline takes us to a different destination. And we enjoy it somehow. We enjoy the rewiring, the redrawing of the navigation on the map. Which is interesting, don't you think? I'm reminded of that brown dude's comedy bit on Reverse Racism, and how it's incredibly educational. All comedy is incredibly educational. We remember things when we laugh. So the way to remember something you want to remember is to make a joke out of it. Make it deeply personal, and make it funny by contrasting it against something else, draw a weird, funny mental picture that maps onto something real inside your own head, something meaningful and significant yet true. It's hilarious that I worry and suffer because of my ego, because it makes me feel significant. It's tragic hilarious. I should explore this thread further.
Back for number 4 at 0633hrs. There's something very calming about writing in this Byword screen, which is all minimalist and black, with a counter at the bottom. It's interesting to think about how my writing medium has changed over the years. I started out doing the word vomits directly into wordpress, I think. And then I started using this app called Write or Die, which had a timer and a word counter. Eventually I switched to writing in Evernote for mobile, and I would write in wordcounter.com for the counter. Finally I bought an app (after over 400,000 words!) that's pleasurable to write in.

I'm not sure if there's a lesson here. The first thought I had is, "The lesson here is that I ought to treat myself to good tools whenever I'm working on anything", but I know that's not necessarily true. Your first guitar shouldn't be amazing. It should be cheap and hardy, and you should play it to pieces until you develop a sense of what you like and dislike on guitars. And of course you should play around with other guitars too, when you can. But only after a year or so of playing with your first guitar will you really develop a sense, I think, of what you like in a guitar. And then you can / should get a better one.

This advice of course assumes that you're broke. If you're rich, just get a guitarist you trust to help you choose a good one. But even then... there's a chance you'll waste your money because she bought something that's better for her than for you. If she's smart, she'll ask you questions about what your favorite songs are, what sort of music you like, and infer from that what's closest to your favorite sound, but even that's kinda rubbishy because you don't know anything about your optimal string height, string thickness, and if you're not playing a lot of music yet, you don't actually know what your "true preferences" are. At least, in terms of direction. Nobody ever really absolutely knows what their true preferences are, and maybe true preferences aren't even a real thing. But you develop an idea with time and experience, at least of where you want to be searching.

So... maybe buying a writing app early on would have guilt-tripped me into writing more. But I'm not so sure about that. Maybe I bought it at precisely the right time I was supposed to buy it. I'm not sure if I can generalize anything out of this. I guess if there are things that are affordable but I'm not buying because I don't feel ready for them, I should just buy them anyway (and reduce spending on more frivolous things if possible). Air conditioning was a great idea, I wish I got it earlier. A foldable dinner table was a great idea, wish I got that earlier. Macbook was a great idea, same. Monitor was a good idea, took me a while to find a good placement for it. Jury's still out, but I like having access to it. Razr keyboard was a bad idea– I should've tested it before buying it. I fell in love with the idea of it and had never tried it before. Turns out that it's a little too clunky for my taste, and all the additional key mapping stuff just complicates things for me. I'm not a pro-gamer. The Mac keyboard turned out to be all I needed, which I should've gotten earlier.

I maybe should've gotten a guitar amp earlier, I waited quite a while for that. But I have one now and I'm happy. Maybe I'll get a better one after a year or so of playing around. I might get a better guitar or simply get my current one set up better, there's something not quite right about the knobs and the pickups. I have all these books that I want to read.

What do I mean when I say that I want to read? "I want to read" is not a very useful statement. I want to do a lot of things. Everything. Wants are infinite. What are my priorities? Writing these word vomits are a priority for me, which is why I'm writing them at 640am in the morning. Where does reading come in? What do I really want to read? My kindle is full of books that I thought I wanted to read but I don't really feel like reading, and I should get rid of those.

I guess I explored this a little with the ideascapes vomit earlier– I want to read things that expand my mind, and lately it feels like the best way to expand my mind is to reconfigure my mental models. Also the "Poor Little Me" idea alone is quite revolutionary and I still haven't properly internalized it. I should probably spend some time meditating on that fact. Also there's a bunch of work I want to do that I keep saying I want to do that I haven't done. I started a vomit saying "The Athlete Must Play Hurt", I guess I'll finish that one after I finish this one.

Where am I going with all of this, where was I going? It started with a thought about my writing tool (this Byword app), and went on to me thinking about all the other tools in my life. Tools aren't just tools, they're ways of thinking and ways of expressing ourselves, and so it's important to have good tools. But good tools aren't entirely an objective thing. A tool's utility is a function of what you're using it to do, and you need to know what you want to do, and you learn what you want to do by doing things badly.

So what do I want to do? I want to read, I have books and a kindle. Are there other reading technologies I should consider? Does my online reading matter enough that I should design the experience better? I guess I'll add that to my todo list and get to it if I feel like it. Does my todo list system matter enough that I should design my experience better? YES, definitely. So I'll add that too.

It's interesting how, in a "state of cognition", it's clear that all of the tools are ultimately... manifestations? Of patterns of action and behavior. I realize this from time to time. At the heart of everything is the story we tell ourselves about ourselves, what we believe we're worth, what we believe we want, deserve. And tinkering with a todo list can be a sort of distraction if you're not sure what it's all for. The kicker is you'll NEVER be sure what it's all for, and you got to sort of pick something and run with it, and refine things along the way.

I understand this when it comes to writing, and I think I understand it when it comes to music, so I just need to extrapolate this and understand it when it comes to life.
Took a short break, drank some water and I'm back for round 5.

The title of this post is from a line from Steven Pressfield's War of Art, which is a great book that I think I should keep on my desk to remind me of all times about The Resistance and how life is good is you face it down, and bad if you let it overwhelm you. It's simplistic but it's true.

The Athlete Must Play Hurt. The point is that we're never going to be in the perfect mood. We're never going to be perfectly comfortable, except maybe after a vacation which is when we're actually not at our best (because we're a little lumpy). So feeling perfectly comfortable isn't actually a good thing. Vacations are good things, of course, and I'm probably due for one soon. But the point is that The Athlete Must Play Hurt.

This isn't a cry for mindless self-damage and "no pain no gain". Injuries are wasteful and tragic. We should seek to minimize and avoid injury as much as possible. And seeking out pain in a masochistic way is kind of troubling. Unless you really get so much joy and pleasure from it, which I don't relate to. In an earlier vomit I talked about using guilt and shame to feel significant, and that's a sort of masochism. But I don't deeply enjoy that. It's neurotic. It's uncomfortable. It's not like a kinky sex type of thing like enjoying spanking or choking or something. It's more like smoking, where the habit sticks because you're using it to self-medicate low blood sugar levels.

That's a useful analogy. I think the whole idea about "quitting smoking" is a little misguided, and I'm sure all sorts of other things like "lose weight" are misguided too. I think habitual smoking, habitual overeating, etc are symptoms, not the disease. They're manifestations of deeper problems. They're bugs. What you really want to do, in my opinion, is to dig deep into the causal factors and get a sense of what the full picture is. The smoking and overeating and internet addiction and all of those things are [3] like the emissions at the end of a long chain of processes. If the goal is to "reduce emissions", you need to understand where the emissions are coming from, and why. [4] You can't just block the vent, for example. If it were that simple you'd have done it already. Block the vent and it'll eventually pop, and the emissions will be even worse than before. And it won't change until you address the underlying processes. And this is the part that people don't talk very much about. It goes way outside the realm of civil conversation about polite things. It involves family, and friends, and sleep, and nutrition, and how you spend your personal, private time.

That's why LifeHacks don't and will never quite cut it. They're just fun superficial ideas, and they can be fun to play with. But the real reason you aren't productive isn't that you don't have the right hacks. It's that deep, deep down inside, you're scared, anxious, frightened, confused, lost, disappointed, frustrated, angry. And you lack discipline, and you lack skills, and those things just make you more upset and angry and frustrated.

What's the LifeHack for that? I suppose you could say meditation, reflection, journaling, gratitude journalling, exercise. Yeah, all of those things are true, all of those things are helpful. I guess I'm a little bit bitter about how we frame things. I recently wrote a post "So what are you passionate about" in response to a younger friend asking me that question, and it had the same sort of bitter, angry tone in reaction to the cheery happy goody vibes that advice columns and Medium posts seem to be full of. (I'm plowing a lot of imaginary straw men down... but hey, it feels good and I'm getting it out of my system. I wonder what's at the end of all this bitterness.)

The Athlete Must Play Hurt. I'm repeating it to myself because I feel like I still haven't internalized it. I feel like every morning I wake up and I still think, "I'm still hurt, I haven't recovered, I can't play yet." I still haven't quite internalized the truth that the only way to recover IS TO PLAY. Exercise gives you energy, it's the most counter-intuitive thing in the world to hear when you're tired but it's true. I wonder if anybody's done a study about that– I think it has something to do with the body wanting to conserve energy. Bodies are incredibly intelligent but also kinda dumb, probably because we can't communicate to our bones and cells that we live in a relative age of abundance.

[1] Interesting that I'd say that. Does it even matter? Probably not. I'm trying to feel better about myself by one-upping myself over my past self. Doesn't sound like a particularly healthy thought. But it was a thought, and I let it out. Moving on.

[2] It's not JUST that, of course, but I do still think the main distinction between hardcore habitual smokers and people who smoked a little bit and then stopped, or smoke once in a while, is the diet thing. And other chronic problems like anxiety, depression, etc.

[3] This is just my opinion, not a hard fact. And this is just one lens to view these things through, it's probably worth using multiple lenses to get multiple perspectives to attack the problem from multiple fronts.

[4] Why do you smoke? What are the circumstances and conditions in which you smoke? What were you doing in those situations before you were a smoker? What do non-smokers do in those situations? Have there been circumstances in which you did not smoke? What were your best attempts at quitting smoking in the past? What sabotaged that attempt? What do you really want? What do you really care about? How do you demonstrate, with action and stakes, that those statements are true?
I believe it's important to pay careful attention to our words. When we state something that's observably false, it usually means that our statement is imprecise. It means that we have a feeling, and we're bad at articulating the precise cause of that feeling.

In all of the above cases, I believe the situation is as follows. There are actually many options in front of us. We need to pick some subset of the options– usually one, sometimes a several (as is the case of picking out an outfit). We feel that this option needs to be optimal for some situation– maybe we need to dress up for a date, or we want to watch a movie that makes us feel inspired to do our work.

The thing with generalized boredom though is that we don't even precisely know what we want. We have a vague sense of wanting something, and a list of options that we're not very clear about. That's when we're totally screwed– no option is going to be good enough unless we get really, really lucky, or we give up and satisfice with whatever's directly in front of us (this is actually a surprisingly good strategy if you make the decision that something is better than anything, and that you don't have to get it perfect). Or worse, we just wallow in our boredom and frustration and end up not doing anything.

So before solving the boredom problem, let's solve the nothing to wear problem. First, you need to know what you have. That means splitting up your wardrobe into all your options. What are your blacks, what are your colors, etc. What are your dressy things, what are your not-so-dressy things. You need to identify the major parameters that you care about.

Actually, I think even before you think about these things, it might be helpful to get a sense of what you're probably going to do, where you're probably going to go. (You see how this problem needs to be solved BEFORE the day of the date or ceremony or whatever it is that you're going for.)

Once you know what you're optimizing FOR, you can start sorting your options into buckets. (It just suddenly dawned on me that THIS is what I ought to be doing with my bookshelf. Facepalm.)

This is where it can get interesting with something like clothes– once you know the range of events that you're likely to need clothing for, and you split things up, you may find that there are some things that you're never going to wear, and get rid of those– but more interestingly, you may find some clothes that you PREVIOUSLY thought you were never going to wear, but now suddenly make sense within an outfit for a specific context. I experienced this very vividly when I was sorting out my music into playlists. I previously just kept adding songs to "My Songs" in Spotify, and I would often listen to songs from other people's playlists that I subscribed to. It was a rather suboptimal situation– other people's playlists often weren't perfect for my intended purposes and I'd often have to skip songs. When I wanted particular songs, I'd often have to go through a huge list of my own songs and then look for songs I want, and then have to skip. Both groupings were suboptimal. The idea of making playlists from scratch was daunting.

Finally, I decided that I would get rid of all of the songs in My Songs list, and triage them out into playlists by theme. That's when it got interesting. I put together an "Acoustic" playlist for easy listening and general gentleness of sorts– really just songs that begin with acoustic guitars. And suddenly, there are songs that go in there that I wouldn't particularly care for in a general-ish playlist– like an acoustic cover of Taylor Swift's Shake It Off. Within the context of "Acoustic Playlist", it fits. Similarly, I have multiple covers of the same songs– I have a hard rock cover of Bad Romance that works well in my Hell March playlist.

Things that previously didn't make sense by themselves, or in a global set, can make a lot of sense in a well-chosen subset. That's the power of curation.

I realize now that this is what I ought to do with my books, too. I was previously just collecting books into a huge pile called "My Books", and then I tried categorizing them by theme and type, or by author, and once even by color. I realize now that I should instead work backwards from my reading and writing goals, and then group books according to THAT. Excellent. Good job, Visa.

Aside from that, I think the generalizable lesson is... boredom is what happens when you don't know what you want AND you don't know what each option is going to give you.

I knew I had written this in a better format, and it's amusing that I don't remember it. I went looking for it on Facebook, where I had posted a status about it. Here it is:

"I have nothing to do / wear / watch / read" is a bug we encounter when...

1- a tired mind
2- attempts to find an optimal solution
3- in a cluttered space
4- with options that have poorly-defined utility-values

What was missing was 5- without knowing what they're optimizing for.

So to be less bored, be clear about what you're optimizing for, declutter your space, lay out your options and define their utility-values more clearly. Oh, and if you're tired, sleep, exercise, eat healthier. It's all just chemicals, electricity.
I was never very good at socializing. This is a strange thing to say. I've always been outgoing, extroverted, noisy, rambunctious, loud, naughty, a clown, a performer. But I'm not actually all that good at building relationships, at sitting and listening, at paying attention, and being thoughtful and attentive. I'm not good at interpreting what other people are thinking, how they might be feeling, how they might be interpreting me in turn.

So when I look back at old statuses and exchanges on Facebook, for example, I cringe. I see myself acting with a sort of bone-headed insensitivity, oblivious to the feelings of the people that I was talking at. I suppose there's a chance that 10 years from now I'll look back at my behavior today and feel the same way, and that'll probably be a good thing. I would like to commit to progressively becoming more and more sensitive, more and more subtle, compassionate, kind. The first rule is to spare people shame and embarrassment. There was a time (and it wasn't as long ago as I wish it was) where I thought it was somehow okay or acceptable to shame people if it was entertaining, witty, clever and so on. I grappled with that for some time, and I think I now definitively agree that it's something that shouldn't be done. [1]

But in general I guess I was just really naive and ignorant about the nature of social interactions. I do think I subscribed to some vague sort of Nice Guy theory, remixed with Clever / Funny Guy theory. I wasn't stupid enough to insist that people had to pay attention to me or like me for what I was doing, or owe me anything at all, but I mistakenly believed that they WOULD. Which, of course, they're not at all obliged to.

It feels like I'm skirting around something and not talking about it. What is it that I'm not talking about? Well I think I was an ignorant idiot, obtuse and oblivious, and I think it's amazing that people put up with the stupid shit I was saying– probably because they weren't "Putting Up" with me in an active sense, but sort of just going about their lives with me as a sort of background annoyance– not quite worth the effort to put down.

I wonder, 10 years from now, what I'll be cringing at today. Probably that I'm so focused on myself still, and that I'm not spending more time actively cultivating the relationships that will matter to me 10 years from now. That's what I should be doing. I should be building relationship capital, helping people out, being kind and generous. I'd like to think that I already am, but I'm hardly systematic about it. And to this I know a thought is "Goddamnit Visa, not everything needs to be systematic", but you need to understand that I'm overcompensating for what feels like a lot of waste. And maybe one day I'll wake up and stop feeling the need to overcompensate– but in the meantime it definitely feels like there's a lot that I could do.

Of course, "there's a lot I could do" is vastly less useful than "there's a little that I am doing". So the the thing is to keep doing. The people I'm best positioned to help are myself, my wife, my colleagues. After that, there's the loose network of friends that I keep in contact with online, I can and should keep meeting people for coffee and talk to them.

It feels like I'm still avoiding something. I suppose it shall be enough to put a stake in the ground here, to remind myself that I want to think about my cringeworthy past. And also I guess at this point I'd like to remind future me that everybody does some cringeworthy shit in life, and that in the grand scheme of things it doesn't matter all that much. (At all, actually.) Schools aren't enough to teach you everything that your parents leave out. So you gotta figure stuff out on your own. So let's keep doing that.

[1] I do admit to sometimes trolling and baiting people– for instance, I remember commenting on a Malcolm Gladwell Facebook post on school shootings that America was awesome in its global leadership of death and murder, and that it's no surprise that they're killing their own children considering their violent history. Why did I do that? I was curious, I guess. And I predictably got people sending me personal attacks and insults. It's simple physics, practically. Once you're aware of it, you can't really pretend otherwise. I did make it a point to treat all my repliers with respect– which I think confused them. I suppose on hindsight I'll think of this as a waste of time, but it really was interesting to be in the midst of it and sort of manipulate what was going on. I do feel bad about it, but I feel like I learned something from it. It's like how dissecting an animal requires killing it. Maybe next time I'll write something inspiring and see if I get the predictable responses to that.
What else is up? I've been wanting to clean out my Workflowy, which has gotten rather cluttered. As I scan through it, I see a lot of stuff that "might be useful", but it's really just taking up space. What should I do with it? I can save the file and upload it to the cloud and then not look at it. There's a part of me that just wants everything to be tidy, but is that a sort of compulsive busyness activity? Let's pop over to the Workflowy again.

Ah yeah, I'd like to read some old wisdom. Seneca, Montaigne. And I'd like to re-read Paul Graham's essays, maybe. And once I've bounded my word vomits that I've printed out, I'd like to re-read those. I think re-reading old vomits is probably the best reading choice out of all my options, because I feel like there's some unresolved stuff from the older vomits that I ought to readdress ASAP.

I've made a bit more progress on my Workflowy. I realized I had a bullet for "Projects" and another bullet for "Brain Dump", but a lot of the brain dump things were actually projects– so I've merged the two. I'll eliminate the shittier projects altogether, and I'll just dump anything that's "brain dumpy" at the top or bottom of my workflowy and triage them into wherever they got to go. That feels better.

I also had another tab for "priorities", I'm merging that into "projects" as well. Wow, that feels much better. Way too many folders.

Now I started looking into my "Work" tab, and hoo boy, there's tonnes of mess there. All of this mess must be contributing to my general stress levels. I know I have all my stuff in places, but it's not ordered neatly, it's not easily accessible, there's a lot of repetition and mess. Once I finish this vomit and go down for lunch, I should come back up and sort the crap out of my Workflowy so that I'm clearheaded again. No wonder I'm dazed and confused.

I suppose this vomit was just all about me trying to clarify what I want to do. At the end of the whole project, there are going to be quite a few vomits that were like this. And I think that's a good thing. I was reading a post about managing your own psychology and it talked about how you ought to have "Start", "Keep Doing", "Stop" and so on. And you have to figure out what the best, worst and probable outcomes are, and assign probabilities...

Phew. Getting shit done is a lot of work. I suppose that's why you should always go back to the source and remind yourself what you're trying to achieve, who you want to be, what you're trying to embody, what you're doing all of this for. I'm writing these vomits to build discipline, to gain mastery of language, and to become a better thinker. I'm writing with the intent of influencing my actions and my behaviors, and I think so far it's helping quite alright.

It's nice to know that the present muddiness of my mind is a function of context and environment and state. Early this morning my brain was swimming in thoughts, and I put out 8,000 words of them down. And of course, they're not going to do justice to the thoughts, but they never are. The point is to just keep putting them down and keep going. I'll go have lunch with my wife, and it'll feel good because I did get quite a big chunk of stuff done in a single morning. And then I'll meditate and rest and see what my brain surprises me with next, as it inevitably will.

I realize– whenever I have a few words left, I used to write a bunch of gibberish to try and fill up my quota. Instead, I think I should write a note to my future self. Dear future Visa: I really want us to do well. I believe we can do it. I'm sorry I didn't do better earlier, but I'm trying.
I've also been cleaning and tidying up my house. In particular, I've been moving all books and papers out of all the rooms and moving them into the study, which is now a centralized place for all books, papers, bills, everything. It feels great. I'm cleaning out the master bedroom, which I'm going to turn into a home gym. I really look forward to being able to do squats and bench presses at home. Endorphins on demand! I'm half-tempted to do a "1,000 workouts" progression, the same way I'm doing 1,000 word vomits. Who will I be after 5,000 reps of heavy squats? I'm really excited to find out.

I've also made quite a bit of progress in cleaning out my Workflowy, which had burgeoned into having too many bullets with too many things splayed out. I've consolidated a bunch of them, and it's now a lot easier to process.

All of these things make me much happier. My guitars are in my living room, as is my amp, and it makes playing and practicing so much more convenient, so I've been doing that more.

I've opened up a wooden table that I bought a while ago, and it functions great as a sort of mobile desk that we can have dinner at, or work from our sofa at. It's awesome.

My house feels even more like a home now, and I feel like I rest more easily.

We then started going through the paperwork that we have. I've sorted out most of my old journals and diaries, and I can now go through them more easily if and when I want to. They're categorized by year.

I feel like I've made progress in understanding what I need to do in order to help myself take action about the things that I want to act on. It mostly involves being more precise about the exact, specific actions that need to happen.

I was reading some of our old notes to ourselves and each other, and I did feel a lot of feelings when reading some of the rougher patches. It's so interesting and beautiful to be able to reimagine and re-witness old conversations, old struggles and challenges, and to see how they should've been dealt with differently. It's clear that I had all sorts of problems that I wasn't adequately equipped to address or manage. I'm making up for all of that now. I've made significant progress. I'm a stronger, better person now. I'm more responsible. I'm more effective, I'm more functional. Some happiness is in order.

But the journey has just begun. We're just getting started. There's so much more to live, learn, experience, do.

As I was clearing my shelves, I picked up one of the many self-help books I've accumulated– this one was called Transforming Your Self or something like that, with a picture of the sculpture of a man carving himself out of a rock. It's surprisingly good– it does a good introduction from first principles, describing self-concept, self-esteem and the relationship between the two, and acknowledging straight away that high self-esteem isn't necessarily a good thing, and that it can be outright damaging. It also explores how people who're constantly seeking validation from others usually have some sort of self-concept that they're uncomfortable with, which is accurate in my own experience, and seems to accurately describe a few people I've witnessed.

Where it got interesting– I still haven't read deeply enough– is when it starts talking about identifying your own self-concept, which is probably something that's largely inherited or developed in a haphazard manner. It then talks about refining and improving your self-concept along lines that direct you towards becoming a person that you'd be happy becoming (because there's a self-fulfilling prophecy at the heart of self-concept– we do things and think things that are aligned with our concepts of ourselves, which makes us become even more like our own projections of ourselves).

A part of that, apparently, is to pick and choose things about yourself that you like, and make those things stronger in your self-concept. And you do that by drawing to attention and memory instances in which you behaved in a way that you like, and make those memories more vivid. Recreate and revisit them.

And conversely, when you have memories of you doing things that you didn't like, or just painful, unhappy memories one way or another, the author recommends revisiting those memories again, and facing that discomfort again with the broader perspective and experience that you now have. He even recommends this– when you have a memory of someone being hurtful towards you, reimagine it with that person treating you better, with more wisdom.

I'm not sure how he managed to frame it in a way that wasn't literally "just pretend life was better than it actually was". He pointed out that memories are stories we tell ourselves, and the people who hurt us in the past don't technically exist in the present– so when we continue to be hurt by them, we're actually being hurt by the stories we're telling ourselves inside our own heads.

So I suppose you don't necessarily need to pretend that bad things didn't happen, or that good things happened instead. You just need to recognize that you don't need to keep beating yourself up– which is precisely what we're doing when we're recalling nasty or unpleasant memories. We rationalize all the time, and we can't avoid it. So rather than try to avoid it, we ought to be deliberate about it, and acknowledge BOTH the "real truth" and how things should be, should have been, how we'd like them to have been. At least, that's my interpretation.

It's all very interesting, I haven't made up my mind about how exactly it should all be, and I need to read it more.
I'm thinking back to past events where I felt a lot of feelings. The strongest and most vivid memories are- the last day of my mandatory conscription, and before that, the last day of Junior College. Oh, and my wedding day. And moments before going on stage when I was a musician, and before giving talks or speeches or hosting anything.

The halfway point of these vomits will be nice, but completing it will really be something special. It will be the first time I complete a large undertaking that I completely initiated and followed through and completed all by myself. I'll experience a huge sense of relief.

I suppose the halfway mark of the vomits will be slightly similar to the halfway mark of school- Primary 4, Secondary 3, JC2. A sense that... you've got this, now. You've made it past the middle, now you "just" need to hang on. The incentives to give up are now (if they weren't already) outweighed by the incentives to keep going.

Of course, after saying something like "I can't wait to be done with this project", I need to bring up the counterpoint that ultimately the project doesn't actually even matter- what really matters is the journey, the effort I put in, the discipline. That I learn to appreciate each word that comes from my mind. That I learn to enjoy the beautiful structures that must be forming in my mind in order for me to persist at this. That I see how ultimately this is all life is, in both the most trivial and fullest sense. Life is me sitting in a train on the way to work, bouncing thoughts off of a plane of glass. That's it, right now! Not tomorrow, not next year, now.

Somehow, saying that always sounds like advocating for short-term hedonism. But that's not exactly it. And short-term hedonism isn't always exactly what it sounds like. In fact I have a suspicion that a lot of the time, it's almost precisely the opposite. That's a tedious, roundabout way of saying... I think people who compulsively seek escapist things are trying to avoid the Now rather than face it. Uhh... not very happy with how I'm framing this right now. Eckhart Tolle and Alan Watts both do a pretty good job of talking about this sort of thing.

Shall we try again? The moment that we're in is the moment that counts. But okay, so what do we do now? What is it about the now that needs doing? Sometimes it means lazing around with a book. Sometimes it means going for a run. It means listening closely and deeply to whatever sort of internal...

wait, what are these internal things, anyway? They're... subconscious thoughts? I still have the sense that I'm sort of grasping at straws here. I'm circling and circling. There's something about meditation that supposedly makes it easier to change patterns. We're less stuck in loops. Why do we get stuck in loops? Because when we're not aware, when we're not paying attention, we default to... well, the defaults. I'm thinking now about guitar practice. If you want to do something you can't do yet, you have to do it slowly, mindfully, so that your mind and your hands have the time and space to adjust and learn. If you try to "just wing it", chances are it won't work out. You default to muscle memory. I suppose something similar happens to the mind.

I guess ultimately this is another in a long series of reminders to myself to relax, breathe, pay attention, not stress so much, and to allow gravity to work on me. Stop trying to control everything and just let it go, and be mindful and aware and see what happens.

It's clear that I'm not super confident about this yet. But I want to try it.
So it's necessary to shake things up every once in a while. I'm probably due for a vacation soon– as one colleague said, it's never the right time to take a break, because there's always things going on, but you're going to need one sooner or later. I've said this in other contexts, too– I was just telling a friend that she has to make time for herself, because if she doesn't then sooner or later her body/mind will insist on making time, in the form of stress, frustration, illness, injury, depression, whatever. We're not machines that can go on indefinitely (and even machines need regular maintenance!).

Another colleague was talking about entropy, and how it's always growing, and there's always an increasing amount of clutter and buildup– the exciting part of business is planting seeds and watching them grow, but there's also the messy business of watering and clearing weeds and so on. And one of the themes that's been running through my life and through these vomits is that I'm not very good at the weed-clearing bit. Part of the reason I do these vomits is every time I write, I feel like I'm clearing things up a little bit. I'm clarifying things a little bit. But it's never going to be enough, it's never going to be "done". You can't "win" and then never have to do it again. The battle has to be fought indefinitely. And maybe when I cross the finish line of 1,000,000 words, I'll just keep going, and keep going, and keep going. Maybe that's what's best. Or maybe not. But I can't possibly know that in advance. That's part of what keeps life interesting.

But so I guess the takeaway from all of that is– it's very necessary to have constant revision, constant reviews, constant reevaluation. We don't need to be utterly mired in them, spending every moment reflecting and never acting. Rather, action and reflection need to happen in a back and forth cycle. Yin and yang, day and night. We need to sleep every night so that our brains can recover, rest, reconsolidate our memories and so on. It makes sense that this process needs to happen at larger intervals too. Daily patterns, weekly patterns, monthly, quarterly, yearly and so on. I've talked about my intent to do this before but I still haven't quite found a system that works well for me. I guess again these vomits sort of function as a recurring review, but they often seem to be too little, and not substantial enough... maybe I'm being too hard on myself. If so, that's something I need to let go of. My current experience is colored by my lack of sleep. Once I'm done with this I'm going to really relax and stretch out and enjoy a good night's rest.

But what else? Is there anything beyond the reminder of the need for revision and refactoring? Um. Not really. I guess I still somehow find meditation a little silly, I still hold myself back from making the videos that I feel like making because I feel like I'm not good enough, and there are all sorts of other things I'm probably unnecessarily self-conscious about. Rather than strive for some sort of perfection, I should strive just to be honest with myself, just to be present and to pay attention to what needs doing, how things are flowing, and give in to all of that. Give in to gravity and let it pull me and swing me around. Sounds a bit cheesy but I think there's a truth to that.

I've made progress. I don't feel like I'm completely on top of my life, and maybe to some degree I'll never totally feel that way. But before and now, I feel like there are thresholds that can be crossed. I already crossed one important threshold in the past– the "everything is a crisis" threshold. I recognize now that that's bad and unhealthy, and that I should take care of business before it becomes "serious" or "critical" (quotes because in a sense nothing is really serious, nothing is really critical, everything is one big cosmic joke and we're afraid to laugh).

I guess if I want to remind myself of one thing, it would be what Alan Watts said about the addiction to control. When we let go of the obsessive need to control, and in parallel I think an obsessive need to play the roles and parts that we've inherited, then I think we have more energy to ACTUALLY do the work that ACTUALLY matters. I believe this to be true, I believe I have felt fragments of it before, and I'm going to hold on to that and focus on that until it becomes a part of my everyday life. That's something worthy to fight for.
I wonder, what did other people do with their lives and their time, as children? I'm guessing more accomplished people did things like sports, piano lessons, maybe spent more time with their families. I had a friend who, at the age of 14 or 15, was incredibly good at the guitar. I knew others who were dancers, others still who read even more than I did. I played video games and I wasn't even all that good at them. I wasn't that disciplined. I tended to fuck around. I recall some odd motorcycle racing game that I used to play– and now I'm remembering that there was a drummer from another local band that was insanely good at Need for Speed.

What a strange, suboptimal use of a childhood. I suppose there must have been many others who have had it worse. And I suppose the very idea of optimizing one's childhood is a little silly and a little sad. But I find myself thinking now of the Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother, and how the two girls that Amy Chua raised were high-functioning kids who went on to really good schools, and were able to play music at a high level of proficiency. Those are skills that stay with you, they are force multipliers that heighten your appreciation of everything else that you do, everything else that comes afterwards, even if you end up completely rejecting your childhood and your upbringing. Even if Amy Chua's kids hate her (and they don't), they would be exceedingly articulate in their hatred thanks to their upbringing.

So I do sometimes wonder what my life would've been like if I had been brought up by overbearing parents rather than sorta-lackadaisical ones. I suppose I would have a whole other set of competencies, but I'd also be totally different from who I am. It's an interesting thought experiment, but the most it can do for me is remind me of the arbitrary nature of the configuration of all things, and how everybody has different contexts and entirely different ways of conceiving of reality.

And the thing about that thought experiment is– if for some reason or another I feel like I missed out in life because I didn't have some insane structure imposed upon me for me to develop discipline in, well... I can impose that on myself. I can still do it. And while life isn't a competition, I can't help but think that there must be a large group of people who "do well" early on because of the structures they around them, but then go on to resent those very structures. I find that... I'm coming to sort of resent my own lack of structure, maybe. When I recognize these thoughts arising I recognize that the proper thing to do would be to dismiss them. They're provincial, simplistic. Life doesn't need to be so tribal– I can and I should expand my perception to transcend superficial, petty competitivenes (what is that even for, anyway? What petty greviances am I allowing to consume me when I entertain these thoughts? These fellows my come along to knock at my door, but I'm not inviting them in for tea.)

Nothing lived ever goes to waste if you're mindful and kind. I truly believe that. Everything that I've experienced- even the seemingly boring and mundane and frustrating and wasteful– all of it is clay for me to work with. I recognize that things will never fully settle down in some sort of hyper-orderly calm, but I do believe that I'm making progress towards a more effective management of ebbs and flows. Breathe in, breathe out.
All of this is giving me a confidence that I didn't have when I was writing my first few vomits. My wife decided to give it a try herself, committing to 1,000 words in a single session. And interestingly, she was plagued with constant self-interruptions, double-checking to see how far along she had gone. It reminds me of Benjamin Zander talking about impulses in classical music playing. It's when you bounce off of individual thoughts over and over again, a little too mechanically. Experienced musicians play through the entire phrase, going from A to Z without worrying too much about the stepping stones in between. They focus on the overall journey, the Line of Action. This takes a lot of practice to develop.

Very interesting to witness this in real time. Interesting to watch somebody doing it for the first time. Interesting to see how I did it before, and to observe how I'm doing it now. It's quite a trip. Which is a nice segue to a point I've been wanting to make, about how Facebook allows us this really unique, kaledescopic experience of time– I can revisit an older friend's Facebook pictures from years ago. This affords me multiple experiences. I can re-experience what I felt as a younger person 5 years ago. I can experience a new interpretation of the pictures I'm seeing of the younger version of my friend. I can experience what it's like to feel older than a person in a picture, and yet I can relate that picture to the person who is still older than me (assuming they didn't die– which everyone does eventually, and some people do far too early).

It's a hell of a trip, I'd like it to do it more justice in writing. I'd like to explain and explore the idea through fiction, rather than explain it. Think about what Inception did for the perception of the passage of time, with multiple layers. We do something similar every time we look at old pictures of our older friends, old videos of artists we loved as kids, when they were younger than we are now.

The more I look at my writing, the clearer the picture gets. I'm going to keep getting better as a writer. I'm going to keep writing. I'm going to eliminate the bad stuff. I'm going to double down on the good stuff. I haven't even really been going all out yet, I haven't been totally crazy about it. It's been something that I've been trying out in my spare time, after work. It's becoming clearer and clearer to me now that I will write for a living. In the mean time I am more than delighted to continue working where I am, learning and growing and contributing as much as I possibly can. I was the first content hire, hired to write blogposts. Now I work with designers and manage other writers, which has been a very interesting, enlightening, horizon-broadening experience. I can see a path to growth and learning. I can see what I'm supposed to be doing next.

But I'll keep writing, too. I'll write better stuff for work. I'll write better stuff for pleasure. I'll write better stuff for practice. I'm convinced that I can get good enough to be internationally significant, which is what I'm really going for. I'm starting to be able to see flaws and chinks in the writing-thinking of people that I used to admire. I still admire them, but I no longer see them as Gods. I see them as peers, to eventually be surpassed. And of course this isn't a zero-sum game. Getting overly focused on other people is tedious and it is wasteful. All that matters is that I get better at expressing myself. I need to get more efficient at saying what I want to say.

I was talking to my wife earlier about her own struggle with writing. She has a brilliant mind, but she feels stifled by her inability to replicate her thoughts in writing. It always looks wrong to her. But that's the whole thing, I told her. That's the Gap. She has an uncommonly high-resolution mental picture, and a frustratingly low-resolution "printer". So every time she tries to print a picture that's in her mind, to her, it looks like nothing like what she intended. That's what happens when you have taste but no ability (yet). [1]

So the challenge for her is to suspend judgement of her low-resolution writing, and practice. The amazing thing about all forms of expression is that we can get better. We can improve the resolution by becoming more nuanced. Consider how we can go from being bumbling babies to being brain surgeons. Even touching our own noses with a specific finger is remarkably more nuanced than a baby's wiggling. We can all stand, and walk around, and those things were initially hard to do. Some of us just stop there, while others keep getting more refined and go on to do trapezes and unicycles.

There's really no reason to stop. Don't stop. (Believing. Hold on to that feeling.)

[1] And taste is something that's tough to teach, if it can be taught at all. The most you can do is guide people's attention, point them to this and that, and if you're lucky they'll make the leaps and connections themselves. Plato said something about how learning is ultimately a sort of madness, you get the idea.

I was just reading an article where someone quotes what Murakami had to say about writing. At some point Murakami talked about Chandler sitting and concentrating even if he didn't write a word, just to get into the habit of committing to his craft. (Going pro, as Steven Pressfield describes in the War of Art).

I find myself thinking, there's something slightly annoying about the conversations around the whole thing. [1]

I read Paul Graham's latest essay a couple of days ago, in which he encourages to write like they talk. This will sound a little presumptuous, but I felt like I got the point the immediately. I was excited to see if there was any intelligent conversation happening on Hacker News relating to the post. Alas, there wasn't. People were largely just nitpicking, interpreting the point in the worst possible light, or otherwise agreeing superficially. There were no true friends in that space. (In my opinion.)

I found myself thinking, why is everyone missing the point? And then the meta-thought: why do I care? What does it matter if others miss the point, as long as I get it? [2]

This is another recurring sort of thing. Why does it bother me if other people we to be missing the point or getting things wrong? If there is a point to be gotten, then it should be beneficial to get it. If it's true that there's some sort of advantage to be accrued, and people aren't listening, the only way to get them to listen (if that's even an outcome worth being concerned about- it probably isn't) is to win.

I think it was Nassim Taleb who said that people don't respect you if you're right until you take their money.

I think I've had some sort of contorted mindset that's something like, "if you're right, you don't need the money". Or at least that was the stated, performed position. My actual position might've been something like, "I just want to seem convincingly right enough to impress the people around me". Which only works for certain groups of people. And lately I'm thinking if you're around people who are impressed by rhetoric, you need to find better people to be around.

Maybe a part of it was the fact that I was young and conscripted and away from much "real action". I don't know, and I'm not even all that interested in digging into that right now.

What I'm trying to do here is to persuade future-Visa that we need to recalibrate our concept of what success is. We have to take the money. We have to get the result. Life is not school, it is not the zoo, it is not Facebook arguments or Hacker News discussions. The theoretical knowledge is only relevant to the degree that it actually helps us achieve the superior outcome- otherwise it's seriously just distraction. Watercooler talk. The sort of thing old uncles sit around drinking and bitching about. The most articulate uncle is still a complainer, safely away from the blood and gore of the arena.

So this is a call to arms. For the past 2.5 years or so, I have been making a soft transition, into the arena. I have real constraints now- bills, a mortgage. And I have real opportunities to grow and further myself, to become stronger, take on more responsibilities, distribute, delegate. I can work and prepare. I can discipline my mind.

A couple of days ago I decided to start learning something on the guitar that had eluded me a few years ago- the minor pentatonic scale up and down the fretboard. It seemed really complicated with many seemingly arbitrary things to learn and memorize. I couldn't perceive any patterns, and so I eventually gave up. And the worst part is, after giving up, I subconsciously assumed that I'd never be able to get it. That it was just beyond me. Some people are more "musical" than me, whatever that meant, and I had hit my peak musicality.

After a few years though that started to feel like bullshit. I had learnt the major and minor scale up and down a fixed position, and I could also sorta play them up and down the neck by following my ears and fingers. I would make some mistakes but I could correct them.

I've been getting better at it. I've been becoming a better musician. I was rewatching what Steve Vai had to say about it, and it's poetic how all artists and creators and folks in the arena all have surprisingly simple and straightforward things to say about what they do. Vai said, visualize yourself getting better at it. Imagining it is the first step. Then just practice, practice, practice. Remind yourself of what you want and why you want it, so you stay focused– and the success that we get at any activity is a representation of how well we were able to focus on it.

So get in the arena, and focus. Play to win– not because you're necessarily obsessed with winning, but because if you're serious about the game (and it is, of course, ultimately a game), then you must play to win. Or you're just dicking around and wasting your time. (Unless that's what you want, in which case, play to dick around. But you know that's not what you want.)

[1] Later on I was rewatching one of my favorite videos– Jon Kabat Zinn talking about mindfulness and meditation. And he said that the problem with identifying as a meditator isn't the meditation, but the sticky, icky, imperial personal pronoun. I'M a meditator. It's MY meditation. I realize the problem is that as we start talking about the process and we get carried away with it, it's easy to forget about the work– ie, it becomes productivity porn.

[2] I suppose a part of it is– if I get it and others do not, could it be that I'm actually wrong...? Sometimes this might be the case, but I don't think this applies in this context. When somebody makes a point and people are misunderstanding it broadly. It happened a while ago when a Derek Sivers post was shared on Hacker News, and I posted a comment and he actually replied to say that I was the only one who really got the spirit of what he was trying to say. At this point I must be overdoing this point, and a reader must be thinking, "Wow, Visa is trying really hard to prove that he gets things, why so desperate, why so insecure?" But hey, this is my personal writing/thinking space and I can choose to overdo things if I want to. But I'm done with this particular thought.
Woke up early today and had a hot coffee with the wife outside, where there was a nice, cool breeze. I'd like more of such moments. That means going to bed earlier and getting out of bed faster.

I feel like I've changed. Of course, we're always changing. But I feel like I've crossed some threshold. I feel less unsure of myself, less panicky, less distressed. I think my stomach will be better off for it. And the rest of my life, by extension. Of course, me being relatively calmer doesn't change the fact that my fundamental disposition seems to be excitable and jumpy. But that might change. Bumps on the landscape even out when you take a longer view.

I'm approaching 500 vomits and I've just reread the first 50. I printed them out and went over them quite closely with a pen. And I'm proud to say that I've grown a lot in the past 3 years, possibly more than in the previous 20 years put together (basic physiological development aside) [1].

It's been interesting. I think there are two simple things that I look out for: things that have changed, and things that have stayed the same.

What's stayed the same? My constant reminders to myself to take better care of myself. To sleep better, drink more water, eat better, exercise, make time for friends, to be thoughtful, compassionate, kind. To meditate, breathe, take breaks. To keep writing. To manage my time better, to prioritize important things first, to break things down into little steps, to do things systematically, to pace myself, to motivate myself as needed.

What's changed? (This is the harder one to write about.) Let me list things out quickly first. My perspective has changed: on myself, on other people, on relationships, on life itself, on "harmless distractions", on selflessness. A change of perspective (largely caused I think by a shift in context, and marginally through reflection and rumination) has led to a change in priorities, or at least in stated priorities. I have tried to reduce my circle of concern to match my circle of influence. I have tried to invest in activities that expand my circle of influence. I have lost interest in some "superficial" things to some degree- I went cold turkey from social media for quite a while, for instance. I returned because I missed the good stuff (access to the minds of other humans, which can be an incredible resource if you're properly selective). I've definitely become a lot more selective, less "random". I am more willing to take more significant corrective action towards things (I just purchased a squat rack, which will be arriving in a couple of hours). There's still a lot more I could be doing and want to do, but I've also learned that if you want to do something you can't always obsess too much with it (if, like me, you then become perfectionist and you keep yourself from getting started and get stuck in an infinite preparation loop).

I think I went through a sort of "poor little me" crisis for a while. I was forced to lose some of my illusions and confront (to a very limited degree, compared to what other people experience) the reality that life is cruel and harsh. It owes you absolutely and utterly doesn't give a shit about you. Everything you know and love will die, all your dreams can and will get indiscriminately shit on, so on and so forth. The challenge is to persist. The only way out of the crisis is directly through it. To face it head on. And it took me a long time to do it, I really didn't want to. I kept trying to avoid it. To this day I don't really know if I could've done better than I did, or if the mess that was my life was sort of predetermined. All I can do is continue to test and experiment moving forward.

I got home and I got my squat rack, which is something that I think I've been talking about and alluding to in many of my earlier vomits. I'd often write about how great it was to go to the gym and hit the weights, and how I ought to do it more. Well, I put my money where my mouth is and spent $3,000 or so making it ridiculously easy now for me to lift weights. I could literally shut this laptop, open the door, get into the room (1 meter away) and start lifting. I have literally zero excuse now. I already polished off a few sets today, and I'm looking forward to the next.

I know it's all arbitrary, but I like to imagine that 500 is a midpoint or a turning point not just in these vomits, but in my personal development. It's just a story I'm telling myself, but placebos are a hell of a drug. [2]

[1] This is actually more interesting to contemplate than I had expected. What exactly is growth, in the personal sense? I think it means being able to do things you weren't able to do before. It's magnificent how humans learn to see and hear and think and talk and read emotions and simply function. And we do take that stuff for granted until we lose it. But I think when we're talking about "personal growth", beyond physical maturity, we're talking about the ability to skillfully navigate life. And I have gained more life-navigating experience in 3 years than the 20 years preceding it, because I was a child then, insulated and sheltered by my family and by the institutions of civilization that I grew up in.

[2] After all, we have new years' resolutions and stuff, don't we? There's something about renewal and a sense of possibility and such. Crossing the midpoint on my personal project sounds like a better signpost to use than the orbit of the Earth around a sun, especially when you live on the Equator.
So this is a couple of stepst towards my trying to deal with and sort out my own shit. It's not as glamorous as I might've secretly wished it would be, and now that I have some sort of problem to fix I do find myself thinking that I'd really like to be done with it as soon as possible because it's rather inconvenient.
Mixed up in all of this is  of course the fact that this isn't a new problem, I just have a heightened awareness of the issue that I have to deconstruct and solve. It must have always been there in some way. Or maybe not. I'm projecting a narrative here, hoping that if I solve this problem, I'll magically become amazing and capable of everytihng I previously wasn't capable of. That's probably a bit of a stretch. But I do believe that I can rewire my brain to solve the silly problem of guilt that I have. The challenge is to avoid glamorizing it, to avoid enjoying playing the victim (and this is always a temptation when you're doing this sort of navel-gazing writing shit... my hope and solace lies in the fact that if I keep going, I eventually get bored of my own BS and want to do something more interesting.)
So this whole vomit is really just a setup for talking about talking about the problem, without talking about the problem yet. I'm sure there have been vomits in which I've tried talking about the problem, or at least I've acknowledged having the problem– the whole confessional schtick. The first step to solving a problem is to acknowledging that there is one, as they say. They never say what's the second step, do they? We'll explore that in the next vomit.
_____
[1] On hindsight, maybe I just wanted something to point at. I'm reminded of a bit from Prozac Nation, where the author says that she kinda wishes she had a substance problem rather than depression, because a substance problem is something you can very specifically point at and say "yeah, that's my problem". You can go get treatment for it. You can go to Alcoholics Anonymous. You have ready-made communities around the world that you can join (and I do still think that's part of the allure of being a smoker– Tom Chiarella wrote that it was like a club, and not without its charms). At this point now I'm thinking, hey, Wurtzel ultimately sort of got what she wanted– by writing a book about it, she became a rallying point for the thing that seemed to her to be rather... annoying, unfair, "not real enough".
I'm tired and a little drunk but I feel like I should get a word vomit out pronto because I haven't done one in a while and I've been sort of procrastinating on it. I like that I'm getting better at listening to my own inner voice about what I should I should not do. To be more precise, I'm getting better at hearing my inner voice. Learning to follow it is still a bit of a stretch, but I'll get there.

What does an inner voice mean? Some people use mystical terms like God or ntalk about having some sort of divine passion or inspiration or something. I'm not sure it's all that magnificent– or rather, if it's magnificent, it's magnificent subjectively, not objectively. It ultimately still stems from the bag of chemicals that we identify with.

I was talking to my wife a little about this, and we were talking about things like taste, and "resolutions". In this case, I'm talking about resolution in the digital image sense– a high-resolution map versus a low-resolution one. And I'm thinking about a post I read on Ribbonfarm about how different people have different resolution maps of the same territory. For instance, to me, there are primarily two kinds of wine– red and white. And I suppose champagne is a kind of white wine. I think. And that's good enough to me. To a wine snob, there might be hundreds of different kinds of wine. She has a higher resolution map of wine than me. And any time two people with different resolution maps of reality interact, a decision has to be made– should we use the lower resolution map, or the higher resolution one? Using the low-res map requires the person with the high-res map to compromise and give up their cherished nuance and distinctions. It requires a bluntness that they will probably find cringeworthy. Using the high-res map requires the person with the low-res map to increase the resolution of their map, or otherwise develop some sort of system or heuristic for navigating the higher-resolution map. This is tedious and tiresome, and it requires a lot of effort.

So how do we decide? Usually it's a matter of power relations. So for example if my boss insists that I use her higher-res map to think about something, then I'm going to have to suck it up and add more nuance to my low-res map. If I fail to do this, she will notice, because perhaps she wants "1.4433" and I gave her "1.4"– good enough for me, totally wrong for her. The 0.0433 is irrelevant to me, but it might be a world of difference to her, or to anybody else who sees things from her point of view, who uses a map of equivalently high resolution. And this is recursive all the way down– a person used to 1.4s will balk at a 1.4433, but a person who operates in the realm of 1.4432987653 will cringe at the bluntness of 1.4433. And so on.

When you have a lower-res map than is required to achieve a particular goal, it's obvious that you have no choice but to increase your resolution.

But what happens when you have a higher-res map than is required? Here it gets a little tricky. Professionals understand that this is the nature of work, and that they'll often have to ship things that they're personally dissatisfied with. This has taken me a long time to internalize, and I still haven't figured out the most optimal vocabulary to think/talk about it. This is part of why I'm writing about it, to be clearer in my own thinking about it. (That's right, I'm increasing the resolution my map of "the distinction between low-res and high-res maps". So meta.)

Chances are, when you have a high-res map, you get attached to it. Because it probably took a lot of work to develop it. As a wine snob, you get personally offended when a person says, "but aren't there only two kinds of wine?" Hans Rosling, for example, has a very high resolution map of the global population, and he gets violently offended when people say things like "oh, there's the developed world and there's the developed world". To Hans, there are many, many different categories in between. (And reality, of course, doesn't even give a fuck about our categories. Reality is an endless continuum. Reality is the territory itself, and all maps necessarily fail to map it perfectly.)

I find myself thinking that there are at least two possible outcomes when you have a higher-res map than the situation "requires".

1. You can acknowledge that the situation really does function fine with a lower-res map (and to do this, you need a separate, related map of "when is it okay to use a lower-res map?", and you then have to define precisely what 'okay' means)...
2. You might realize that a higher-res map is actually better than a lower-res map for this particular situation. For this to happen, the higher-res map must provably be able to achieve a better outcome than the lower-res map. This requires being sufficiently precise about the desired outcome.

Sometimes using a higher-resolution map is completely second-nature– that is, you make nuanced calls and judgements without having to think about it, without having to allocate additional resources to think about it. If you can measure 1.4433 in the same time that someone else takes to measure 1.4, then you should always do that. But this isn't always the case. Sometimes the objective is to move fast, to use resources nimbly so that you can move on to the next thing. In this case, even if you can go to 1.4433, it makes sense to go to 1.4 or 1.43 and then move on to the next thing. This is something I still struggle with– developing a better top-down view of the overall war, so you don't burn yourself out building elaborate battle plans for a single skirmish.
Many vomits ago I wrote about the concept of a "The Big Red Button". It's a fun thought experiment– if you could have a Big Red Button, and you could write down what it would do (assuming it fits within the realm of plausibility), and pressing it would make it happen, what would you put on it?

Somehow, this yields slightly different thoughts from "If you could have a wish granted" (perhaps because it inspires wishful thinking...?). I suppose a more rigorous way to do it would be– if you could have a sort of "personal trainer genie" that would physically force into following some routine, some set of behaviors, some set of actions, what would you set?

For a mundane, simple example, it could be "do 10 pushups every day." That's a slightly underwhelming thing to waste such an epic button on, but you see how it plays out. From now until the day you die, you do 10 pushups everyday. It's not inconceivable. Suppose you then modify that to be, "do pushups to failure every day". Maybe modify it further to be, "do the optimal set of sets of pushups, with good form, to maximize upper body strength gains." Some people actually do that. And some people would benefit from just 10 simple pushups.

What else? Suppose we could have an unlimited set of buttons. What would we use them for? I think it's important to meditate and reflect every single day. What's stopping me from doing it? I suppose sometimes it feels like I'm not in the right mood. But there's never going to be such a thing as "a right mood". And one of the cool things I've learned from this writing experiment so far is– if you commit to a process regardless of circumstances (except maybe morbidly critical ones), you start encountering all sorts of different versions of yourself. You find that the way you write when you're optimistic is different from the way you write when you're depressed (I tend to question my own motivations, interests, purpose when that happens). You'll discover that you're much broader than the person you think you are, and the person you'll get to know if the data points you collect about yourself are all collected in the same context, same mood, "when you feel like it". Doing things when you don't really feel like it is incredibly powerful.

I'm starting to learn that with the gym, too. I hated travelling to the gym to share the equipment with a whole bunch of people who often aren't very focused on their training, and it's a long ass commute and just generally unpleasant. So I bought myself a mat and a squat rack and a bench and a set of weights, and in 7 days I worked out hard about 4 times. I've taken a couple of days to rest my sore muscles, but I'll definitely be hitting the weights again tomorrow morning. I really look forward to it and it'll take zero effort. I hope I can maintain this habit indefinitely, but that's always scary so what I think I'll do is– I'll count down to 100 sessions completed, and then 1,000 sessions completed. What can I say, I like big-ish numbers.

I was reading Wait But Why's great post on cooks and chefs, and one of the points Tim made was that we live very limited lives. We color within the lines, and we fear and worry for our "safety" even when we aren't actually in danger. (Starting a company, for example, can seem scary, but it doesn't actually risk your life and you can afford to fail as long as you don't set yourself up for horrific financial debt.)

What would I do, if I inherited my life right now, and had all the freedom and opportunity to do whatever I wanted (which I actually do)? As I said earlier, one thing would be to get my fitness sorted out. The body and the mind are part of the same thing and it's important to discpline and train them both. It helps us learn to work hard, to persist in order to get what we want. It helps us learn that we'll have to fight through the not-so-good days, that we can't just wait for some good day to show up. And endorphins are a hell of a drug.

But what else would I do? I would better study and examine the tools of my trade. I run a blog that works on wordpress, but I don't actually understand precisely how wordpress works. That's not very good, it would be a good idea to get a better sense of how wordpress works. There are all these black boxes on the periphery of the stuff that I work with, and I ought to sit down and dissect them. I also ought to plan my day every morning. I've started doing this a little bit better, but I've still got a lot of room for improvement and I've got to keep doing it. Internalize the fact that things need to be broken down into quantifiable next steps with specific time expectations and so on.

What else would I do? I have a ton of books in my study that I'd like to dissect. It's all this information and knowledge just sitting there, waiting for me to assimilate them into my brain. What do I really hope to achieve with all of that, anyway? A part of me just feels like it would be kinda cool. But I suppose what I really want is to get a sense that I have a reasonable big picture model of everything, with a sense of what I ought to fill in the gaps about. I was going to say "there are a lot of things I still feel like I need to know more about" or something to that effect, but as I wrote that I realized that that isn't true. There's only one thing that I need to get better at, and that's improving my own software, my own system of operations. And everything else will take care of itself.

So I suppose if I could have the red button do one thing, and I had only one button, it would be this– commit to a daily process of refining my own software, from first principles. Meditate and reflect and act and review. I've written this before, I've known this all along, and it's nice to have more data that backs it up, but the data I actually need isn't "out there", something that I need to read (though that's always nice). What I need is to do the work, and use those results as evidence that I can do so much more than what I'm doing.
A friend posted a status update asking people to tell him what they'd like him to write about. I thought about it for a while, and first I gave an answer that was in the spirit of my previous vomit– write about your reflections on your own experiences, your own wants, and so on. But then I realized that that was a little bit prescriptive, so I said, "What does [[your_name]] want? Write that."

It's not an original thought at all, lots and lots of artists and writers and so on have said that that's how they keep going. They write to scratch their own itches, to solve their own problems, to explore their own curiosities, to fulfill their own desires. You get the drill.

To tie the two together, e very so often then it makes sense to sit down and revisit and review my life to ask myself, so what am I doing this for again? What do I want exactly? I know that I want to write because I want to get better at writing, because that is my craft, because I love words. That's probably not going to change, so we've got that covered. What's next? What do I want to get better at writing for, apart from the intrinsic pleasure of it? It's possible that the answer is "nothing" or "I don't know" or "I write to find out", and those are all answers that I'm comfortable with. But I can always fall back on those answers. I'm curious to try on other ideas in the meantime.

I'm thinking about the works of fiction that have been floating around my head. I've always had this idea of Gandalf and Aragorn having a long, late-night chat, perhaps while riding their horses, or perhaps while tending to a fire, or watching their friends sleep. I don't know why, this idea has just really stuck with me. I guess it's because I've always enjoyed late night conversations with friends, and I've always been curious to see that portrayed in art. In a movie or a short film. That's part of why I really liked the Before Sunrise trilogy, although as always I wonder how I'd have done it differently. I would've thought that it focused too much on the relationship. I'd be more curious to see how the conversation goes on to change the individuals' lives.

I suppose similar things could happen say, between Captain America and Iron Man. I'm never quite satisfied with the short conversations that you get in a movie. I want to witness a really good conversation that goes on for hours and hours. I suppose theater achieves that. So maybe I'm into theater and I should look more of that stuff up. Something to think about.

What else? I have a mental picture of a movie that's filmed entirely at the void deck of a HDB flat, without the camera ever moving. And it tells a story about the people in the block, and the people in the neighbourhood, and maybe a bit about the country. There's a void deck wedding at some point, and a funeral at another point, and there are a few different recurring people talking, of different ages, races, and so on. I like that.

What other stories do I want to tell? I like the idea of science fiction, but I'm not sure what exactly I'd write about. Maybe again I'd write fan-fiction about characters that I already know and love, say from the Mass Effect universe, because I'm somewhat familiar with the universe. Maybe I should do fan-fiction. What sort of fan-fiction would I do? Well, I'm curious about Shepard's motivations. The game leaves it as an exercise to the player's imagination, and I feel like it deserves to be every bit as good as the characters, if not greater. And again, I'm curious about the lengthy discussions, the debates about ethics and virtues and friendship and life and death. I know these conversations have probably been done to death already in all sorts of circumstances, and I'm also sure that people have been having them throughout history.

Now there's another idea. Two humans having a conversation, from the dawn of the African Savannah all the way to present day, until the distant future. That's of course not an original idea either, but I'd be curious to see what I'd have to say about it. I don't yet know what I want to say. There's some amount of research that would need to be done. And I don't want to end up procrastinating and just doing a ton of reading without doing any writing, I want to write things that go out into the world and make a difference to people. I want to write something that really captures the "arbitrary configuration of reality" idea, the same way I think Limitless did a great job with conveying that there are "peak" states and "trough" states (or whatever you'd want to call them). How the Matrix did the contrast between the real world and, well, the Matrix.

What do I want to read? I want to read about friendship and sacrifice and teamwork, I want to read about difficulties and obstacles being overcome. I want to read about personal epiphanies and perceptual breakthroughs. How people see things differently, do things differently. There need to be stakes, which is something I've always seemed to have a bit of trouble with as a writer. I'm too kind to my characters before I even begin to write them– they know too much, and they're just generally too good at everything. So my stories don't take off. There needs to be more conflict. I suppose I should list out all the conflicts I've experienced in my life, and imagine different ways that they could have played out, imagine different, adjacent realities. That would be cool. I should create a to-do item for that.

That's a pretty useful insight. I don't have time to explore it right now, I want to write another vomit and go to bed. And I don't want to make that list public, because I think it's more interesting when it's kept private (at least until long after people have read the work.)
I also find myself thinking that there are other milestones that I'm more proud of. I'm proud of the fact that this year I was able to get a better handle on my processes at work, such that I've been publishing blogposts regularly on schedule for months now. It's still not as perfect as I'd like but it's good. And when I say "not as perfect", I don't mean "it'll never be perfect"– I mean, there is a particular threshold that I want to cross that I haven't crossed yet, and that's an exercise for me to undertake in a different setting.

I'm proud of the fact that me and my wife have had several really good conversations over lunch and dinner this year. I feel closer to her, and it feels like we're getting better at this whole marriage thing.

I'm proud of the fact that I now manage a little stable of freelance writers, and that I'm systematic about the way I approach them, communicate with them, give them feedback and nudge them along. It makes me feel like I've grown.

I'm proud of the fact that I've invested in a home gym for myself, and that I've been working out regularly (as far as the few data points that I have have shown.)

I'm proud that I've been eating healthier, at least about 40-60% of the time. It's definitely made a difference. I'm a lot less tired these days than I used to be, and that's totally a blood sugar / nutrition thing.

I'm proud that I've continued to keep learning. I've learned more about caffeine and nicotine and how the endocrine system works and I've been learning more about the fundamentals of psychology, and I'd like to keep learning more things and grow more and be able to do more.

I'm proud that I've made time for friends and family, though I'd like to make even more time for them. The past couple of years have been a lot about me figuring out how to be more productive as an individual, and there's been a lot of failure and missteps in that process. While that has been frustrating, I also have to acknowledge that it was never going to be easy. If it were easy, after all, I'd have done it a long time ago.

And yeah, who am I kidding, I'm goddamn fucking proud of having written over 500,000 words when I said that I'm going to write 1,000,000. There ain't no getting offa this train. I'm proud that I write much more clearly now. I'm proud that I know how to use footnotes more effectively. I'm proud that I have better titles for my writing.

I suppose I'll dedicate the remainder of the vomit to my future self, who'll definitely look back to read this to see what I had to say.

Dear Visa,

Thank you. You've carried a lot of guilt and shame for many years, and you really didn't have to. You've experienced pain and loss and so. much. frustration. And while you've come close to giving up many times, you never did. You always came back. You fucked up over and over, but you always came back. You made all sorts of silly, stupid proclamations that you had no right to make. But you always came back. You always started over.

This thing that we're doing together (and I know you're going to finish what we've started here) has been really helpful to me. It's given me hope and faith in us, that we can do what we set our minds to. That we can grow, that we can develop, that we can change. It gives me hope that we will be to shed the skin of the scared, insecure little boy that we were and really blossom into a man that we can both be proud of.

Keep going. I promise you, you already know everything you'll ever need to know. If you're feeling lost and confused, you really just need to sit and listen. Maybe you need to hit the weights, maybe you need to read a passage or watch a video or listen to some music or call a friend. Or come back to me. Whatever the case, you got this. I couldn't have told you this with such clearheaded certainty 2-3 years ago. Back then it was just wishful thinking, hopefulness. And even then, I think we sort of knew, but we couldn't be sure.

I'm more sure now that we ever were before. It's still not a guarantee. Life doesn't owe us shit. We might die in a car accident tomorrow, who knows. Life is crazy like that. But as long as you keep breathing, and you keep sleeping and waking up, you have a shot at having a fabulous life. I believe in you. I'll see you at the finish line, and even then, my friend, it will be the start of something far more magical.

Your friend who has known you by heart,
Visa
There's a lot of sciencing that I can still do to improve the quality of my life. One of the slightly frustrating things– which is just another way of saying "challenge that I haven't quite been able to solve yet"– is that a lot of the things are interrelated. Sleep, work, diet, stress, fitness, health. I'm fairly lucky that I haven't fallen too ill recently. But beyond that, I haven't been sleeping as well as I'd like to, and I've been taking longer than I should on certain work tasks. Not going to beat myself up about that, that is simply what it is and I am going to change what it is by deconstructing it and then taking action.

It seems weird at first to think that... after over 2 years of work, almost 3, I still haven't developed a fundamental routine that maximizes my output. And I don't mean "maximize" in an absolute, crazy sort of way. I mean just past a reasonable threshold that I know within myself that I am capable of doing, day after day. Let's call it the 10 pushup threshold. Any reasonably fit individual should be able to do 10 pushups. It doesn't require some insane force of will, it doesn't require anything magical. Or let's say, a 5km walk. Any reasonably healthy person should be able to walk 5km and still go about their day without much fuss.

So those are some minimum thresholds that anybody should be able to cross. Similarly I think there are some minimum work thresholds that I still haven't entirely internalized. I still approach my work in a sort of messy, piecemeal way, constantly reinventing everything all over again, over and over. Why do I do this? It doesn't make much sense.

I've managed to solve this with my word vomits. Yeah, sometimes there are things that I want to write outside of my vomits, and sometimes I forget to do my vomits, or I feel too tired or whatever, but otherwise I generally get around to doing the vomits, and I've been making progress, slowly and steadily.

I suppose with reading, movies and fitness, and meeting friends... those are things that I want to do, but I do them in fits and starts. Sometimes I get a lot of that stuff done, sometimes I don't really feel like doing it (often an indicator of something else– like falling back on work).

I still need to keep learning to listen to myself better. That's one of the big lessons of the past couple of years. There's a certain internal wisdom about the body and the subconscious mind that should be attended to. I have a bit of an ache in my shoulders that I almost seem to have "caught" from my wife. It's a funny thought. I should rest, nap, meditate more. I'll do that when I get home.

What of my books? What's the plan for reading them? Well, there's no point making grand plans. I was halfway through reading TechGnosis, and maybe I'll continue on that. Or maybe I'll set aside an hour with some coffee to just keep going through books at random, as per my curiosity.

I think the big thing is... I need to learn to see work as play. I need to learn to see it as fun. I remember having a conversation about it with my boss several months ago, and he said something along the lines of, "Dude, I would be disturbed if you found every single thing about work fun. There's a reason why work is work– some significant proportion of it is difficult, tedious, uncomfortable, annoying, and you're going to have to learn to deal with that."

But... I don't know. I think this is one of those things where it's all about how you define it, how you frame it, what it means to you. Ultimately it doesn't matter as long as the work gets done. Oh wow, we're back to maybe a couple of hundred vomits ago... where I was thinking and talking about the role of narratives. Well, let's start over. What do I know?

I know that I have had a lifelong unhealthy narrative around obligations, responsibilities, work and so on. This has made it harder for me to do the work that I want to do.
I sometimes doubt myself and my motivations and the sincerity of my intentions. This gets bad/worse when I'm tired, depressed, stressed, upset and so on. If I haven't been sleeping well, haven't been making much progress, I start questioning myself and wonder if I'm a bad person. At the time of this writing, it's clear to me that this isn't
I believe strongly that it typically takes a narrative to displace another narrative. I suppose there might be exceptions to this rule, or maybe the thing that displaces a narrative is a very different sort of narrative... Framed another way, it takes a new self-concept to replace an old self-concept, and while it's intellectually possible to appreciate that the self is ultimately an illusion and doesn't exist, it doesn't change the fact that we spend our days living in the illusion most of the time.

So– and I've acknowledged this before, and have made some small attempts in the past, but haven't entirely resolved it– I need to revise my personal narrative and/or self-concept, especially when it comes to my attitude towards obligations, work, and so on. This will probably seem needlessly strange, byzantine, complex, overwrought, tedious to anybody who didn't have over a decade of shitty experiences re: school. And actually I should probably read more about the successful people who struggled with school, and how exactly they ultimately overcame that. I feel like I'm more than halfway through, but it still weighs me down to some amount, and I'd like to resolve that stuff and cut it out.

I've spent an entire vomit basically restating the premise, which is fine. So in my next vomit I should explore what happens next.
Just left a marketing event and I'm on the way home. What's on my mind? There are a bunch of things that I could and should be doing to improve myself and to improve the quality of work I do. [1]

I realize that I haven't updated my blog in a very long time. I've basically just been doing these vomits, which is a good thing. But my blog and my web assets in general are incoherent, messy and don't adequately represent who I am or what I am capable of.

The first thing I want to do for myself is to go through my best Quora and Reddit answers and post them on the blog. That's a no-brainer, it's just introducing a bunch of relevant, useful links to the world.

The next thing would be to consolidate my own learnings as a content marketer. What have I learnt over the past couple of years?

And then I got to think about the rants that I want to rant. My first and biggest rant is probably that people trust statistics too much, generalize too much from a few data points– probably fewer than they think. I'm not so sure it's a good idea to obsess about post length and tweet length... is it the length that influences the outcome, or is there something else that influences both the length and the outcome?

Next I guess I'm thinking about what it would take for me to become truly useful and relevant to the people who are at the forefront. I can comfortably give marketing advice to beginners, and even to some intermediate folk. But what are the advanced people doing, and how do I get on their radar? How do I make a difference to them? How do I become one of them? I know that it is within my power.

Earlier, I witnessed a bunch of people on a panel being asked their thoughts about a range of things. A couple of the questions they were asked were, who do you most like to follow or read on social media, and what is your favorite interview question to ask people you're hiring. And this is kinda narcissistic and ego-centric, but I kinda would like to be asked those questions some day. And maybe years from now, maybe decades from now if I'm still around, I'd find it silly that I even bothered to care about those things, and that panels are ultimately just time-passes, none if it matters, it's all just superficial validation, yadda yadda. But somehow for the time being, it feels like a legitimate goal to me.

I was skimming through a Medium post by Alanis Morissette (isn't it ironic?) [2] and there were a couple of things that resonated with me. One was... she said that she was looking forward to the day somebody would ask her, perhaps not with words but with presence, "Who ARE you, Alanis?"

And in a way, I still think that's something I want. It's something I want to earn. [3] I know that reality doesn't owe me anQything, and that I'm not entitled to anything. But I also feel like I have a lot of value to offer the world, and I'm probably sitting on quite a bit of it right here in this word vomit project– I haven't yet gotten around to slicing and dicing the stuff to extract the value.

So... what now? What then? What have I learned? I guess it's just another reminder to keep revisiting peak consciousness as often as I can afford to, which is more often than I think. Now that's a pretty interesting way of framing it. What are the costs and benefits of attaining peak consciousness? There's a virtuous cycle there– while it's a little costly to reach, the benefit typically outweighs the cost. I'm talking in terms of energy– it takes some energy to reach, but it bestows far more energy in return.

So if I'm serious about living a good life, and I'd like to think that I am, then I'm going to have to be more systematic and methodical with regards to how I manage my consciousness. How I debug and upgrade my cognitive software. And coupled with that is hardware. That's a nice way of framing it. To have a good life, you need to have a good software, and to do that you'll find that it helps to optimize your hardware, too.

So what's the plan? Hardware improvement is going to come primarily from lifting weights, eating healthier, drinking more water and sleeping better. Software improvement can only come with constant reflection and evaluation. Weekly reviews. I keep putting them off, perhaps because I haven't yet felt that each individual review makes much of a difference. I need to track them the same way I track my word vomitsk. I need to analyze carefully to see what I did right, what I did wrong, what the contexts and circumstances were, and how I might do things better the next time around. I'm too old now to keep dicking around and repeating the same old patterns over and over again. I am so bored of that stuff, I am so amped and ready to be more than I am now.

[1] I'm a little jealous of people who get to constantly be in the presence of other focused, inspiring, driven people... but hey, if the world's not going to do it for us, then we gotta do it for ourselves.

[2] It's a joke.

[3] I was going to say that I look forward to a day where I get to have spontaneous Twitter conversations about absolutely anything I like– I think that will be my favorite thing about celebrity if I ever become more popular. It often seems to me that popularity is wasted on the popular, because there are so many interesting things you could do with that sort of audience and that sort of feedback. The constant science experiments and so on.
A: I've been thinking.

B: That's usually a good idea.

A: I'm pretty happy that I've done over 500 word vomits. But I don't want the next 500 vomits to be more of the same thing.

B: That's probably less likely to happen than you think.

A: Because I'd get bored of doing the same thing over and over again?

B: Possibly.

A: Well... yeah. I'm bored. I don't want to do the same thing over and over again. I want to do something different. I want to start writing fiction, I want to start writing short stories.

B: Why?

A: I feel like I've gotten tired of my first-person voice, talking about my own life, over and over again. I also feel like fiction will allow me to communicate things that I can't quite communicate by myself. Also I just like the idea of expanding my repertoire as a writer.

B: Fair enough. What's stopping you?

A: Well, I guess first of all, I haven't written any good stories. Ever. I haven't done anything that's worth talking about.

B: There's a first time for everything.

A: Right. And the prospect of leaving my comfort zone– the space in which I've written the past 500 vomits– is scary.

B: It always is.

A: So I guess I'm wondering if there's anything I need to do before I can get started.

B: Such as?

A: The silly things would be things like... start reading guides and suggestions from professional writers.

B: Why is that silly?

A: Because it can become a sort of time-sink, where you spend all your time reading about how to do something instead of actually doing something. Also I've already more or less internalized everything I need to know, and I can get quick refreshers in a few moments of Googling. I don't need to do embark on some massive research project. If I've learnt anything, it's that these things have to happen along the way, en route, and that I'm going to have to stumble and slip up and write a few terrible stories before I get to good ones.

B: Sounds about right. So what are you going to do now?

A: Well, right now I'm writing this vomit. I don't yet know what my first story is going to be. I don't want to overthink it, but I don't want to underthink it either.

B: Walk me through it. What's an appropriate amount of thinking?

A: Well, Emma Coats from Pixar comes to mind. She talks about figuring out what the story is about, but she also says that you don't really know what the story is about until you're done with it. That's when you rewrite it.

B: So if you had to start writing a story right now, what would you start with?

A: That's a tough one. I suppose I'll start with a cliche, because cliches exist for a reason. It'll have to be about a hero that I relate to, since I don't yet know how to project myself into the mind of somebody that I don't relate to yet. My main problem is that I tend to write overly perfect characters (and this is me talking about me writing millions of words ago, when I was a young teenager). A character needs to struggle, needs to have difficulties, needs to encounter conflict. It's conflict that makes a story interesting, and makes a character likeable.

B: Okay. So what's the conflict that you'd want to write about?

A: Everything and nothing. I don't know where to begin.

B: What's the first thing that comes to your mind? Just keep going.

A: Well, I guess... I find myself thinking about the passage of time. About growing up. I guess I still feel like I haven't fully addressed the problem of growing up, so if I'm going to write a story, it's going to have to be about growing up.

B: There you go, that's a start. What's the next step?

A: Okay, so I have a theme. Growing up. What is growing up, anyway? Well, we're born solipsistic and clueless, and growing up is about losing that cluelessness in the crossfire of reality.

B: Uhuh.

A: And that crossfire is really painful and uncomfortable and unfair. And the whole time you're going through it, if you're even slightly self-aware, you're going to realize that your problems are minute and trivial compared to everything everybody else in the world is going through, and everything everybody in the history of humanity has gone through. And there's probably been a lot of crappy stuff written about this already.

B: No, don't tell me about that. Tell me about growing up.

A: I'm not sure if I've done it yet. I think it's a never-ending process. I don't think anybody is ever completely, fully grown up. I'm thinking about that CS Lewis quote about how, when he became a man, he put away childish things, such as the fear of appearing childish.

B: What's the conflict about growing up?

A: I suppose it's about wanting to hold on to the past, hold on to comfort, hold on to ignorance. Wanting to fix things that are broken, but realizing that they can never truly be "fixed"– you can only dance around them, build around them, incorporate them into your existence.

B: So what does a story about that look like?

A: Well, so there's a guy. And he's growing older. And he has to grow up, because of... something. Something is forcing him to grow up. I don't know what that something ought to be. I don't want to use something from my personal life, because then it would get tedious and I'd get overly invested in it. But I can't exactly invent something from scratch, either.

B: What's the ending?

A: That's a good question. Endings are hard, you need to know your ending in advance before you can work out the middle. I guess maybe part of my anxiety is that I don't know what the ending is, and that I need to learn to live with that. I suppose that's what growing up is about, too. Learning to live with not knowing. But does that actually make for a good ending for a short story?
The second thing is, thankfully, that there are definitely some gems in there for me to unearth, polish and revisit. There were moments in which I was honest with myself in ways that I probably wouldn't be able to replicate on the spot, unless I experienced the same mental state that I was experiencing then. This excites me, because this means that I will be able to better prepare for the future. The better I understand how I am when I'm down, and the better I understand how I make mistakes, the better I'll be able to take corrective and preventive measures moving forward. I'm talking about everything from the way I manage my time and energy to my own thought patterns.

What's changed? There was definitely more of a focus on external events before. I was talking about things like going to space, and making a difference to Singapore, grand things like that. Those are still things that I care about, but I've stripped away a lot of the details and reduced it to "unlock these challenges when I have crossed the necessary thresholds". I've come to realize that the external reality is a manifestation of our inner realities.

Let's unpackage that and explore that a little more closely. Obviously it's a lot more complex than it sounds. External reality is always a limiting factor. But internal realities (my own psychology, my own beliefs, my thought patterns, my decision-making system, my energy levels, my tactics and strategies and how I impliment them) are ALSO a limiting factor. And we have far more control over our internal realities and immediate circumstances than the bigger, broader external realities. [1]

We can and should modify our immediate environments to suit our desired end-states better. I've always been a little slow to do this– the biggest thing I've done recently is modify two of the rooms in my house to become a study and a gym respectively, which has in turn changed my behavior. I'm going to hit the gym again tomorrow morning.

But beyond that I think the main things to worry about are my internal thought patterns, my habits, my routines, my limiting beliefs, my priorities, my decision-making. It boils down to Covey's Circle of Influence vs Circle of Control. Or as an SMBC comic put it recently, Power vs Responsibility. The higher your power-to-responsibility ratio, the more comfortable you are. And we're talking about TRUE comfort, not a soft bed. A hard bed with no debt brings better sleep than a soft bed with debt and unfulfilled obligations.

My immediate goal in life right now is to get on the other side of obligations– to fulfill all my obligations and responsibilities so well that I get excess capacity to then TRULY take on things that I want to care about, and make a difference in those as well. Of course it's not a perfectly impermeable membrane, and we can still volunteer and help others every step of the way. But I think there's an underlying truth about self-sufficiency that I have been slow to embrace. That is, that we're ultimately well and truly alone in the world. We are patterns in space-time that are just trying to persist, to feed ourselves, and doing that requires interacting with all sorts of other patterns and all sorts of contexts and environments.

So what are the next steps right now? Today I spent some time with my wife, and I spent some time on my personal writing project. Tomorrow I'm going to hit the gym, and then I'm going to do some work, and then I'm going to meet some old friends. And the day after that I'm going to go back to work and continue the battle.

What else? I should keep writing as much as I can and not let this slip, because regular progress on this makes me feel like I'm fulfilling my obligation to myself.

I've been thinking about the next steps for my writing. I'm going to restart my main blog, as well as my marketing blog. The first went into hibernation once the word vomits started going into overdrive, while the second never really got a chance to take off because I wasn't managing my time effectively enough to carve out space for it. What's changed? My blog used to be about local Singaporean issues (and I also have a SG blog, but I'm not too concerned about that– I'll only use that if I really feel a need to), and then I got a little confused and didn't know what I wanted to write about. I know better now. I want my blog to be a distillation of the lessons I've learned over the process of growing up, of things that I've figured out through these vomits and beyond. I want them to have useful, well-edited summaries and cleaned up essays of thought. Some research and citations will be necessary, but I can handle that. As for my marketing blog– I've been doing some writing on the side, on Reddit and Facebook and so on, and I feel like I've crossed some invisible threshold that was limiting me. I used to feel that I wasn't quite qualified, wasn't quite ready to blog about what I knew about marketing. But I think after attending a couple of events and talking to a bunch of people, I've come to think that I DO have something useful to say, and I'm going to say it.

These 3 projects– the main word vomit project, the "what I've learned" blog and the marketing blog– will be my main priorities after work, fitness and my relationships (marriage, quality friendships). It's about as simple as that. I'll play a bit of guitar once in a while to relax, and I'll be learning more about nutrition and exercise. That pretty much covers everything.

The goal is to get all of these engines running simultaneously, and to require as little energy as possible, so that I can then focus on dealing with external realities. But until then, I've got to get this stuff sorted out.

Oh, I almost forgot the quote that I wanted to include in this post: I've put it in the title. Internal realities. Pebbles in shoes.

[1] I'm lucky, first of all, to live in a place and context where I don't need to worry too much about things. Security, shelter, food and such are all well-taken care of. I get to worry about more fragile, ephemeral things like "how do I improve my peer group". But even then, the highest order bit there is to improve myself so that I naturally attract quality peers to me.

A: Yeah. I wonder if that's a shitty ending. Another one of Emma Coats' rules is that you should throw out the first thing that comes to mind, and the second and third, so that you eventually surprise yourself.

B: What are the other possible endings?

A: I guess one obvious one would be ending with a lot of pain and suffering, and just confronting the bleak meaninglessness of everything. I'm feeling a little guilty talking about this because I know that it's a bad idea before I even floated it.

B: Whatever. Next idea?

A: Another one that would be interesting would be to end with literal euphoria– an overwhelming sense of gratitude and joy at the possibilities of life. I intellectually can sort of see how that might be, and I find myself thinking that would be better than the "learn to live with not knowing" thing, because it does feel like that's been sorta overdone in recent times. I find myself thinking of Haruki Murakami's Norwegian Wood, and how it ends with the protagonist making a phone call "in the place that is no place" or something like that. Very zen and uncertain and flux.

B: You're losing me.

A: Sorry. I guess all I need to know or say is that... the idea of ending with "learn to live with not knowing" doesn't feel like a great ending. It doesn't feel like I'd have "gotten" anywhere. I'm already sort of there, I already sort of grasp it. I suppose if I could drive myself into a wall with it really hard and have it blow up in my face, and find some sort of beauty in that, that would be great. But I'm not so confident in my abilities to achieve that in a single short story. Or at all, with my present writing skills.

B: Okay, let's simplify. So you feel that ending with some sort of euphoria would be better than "being comfortable not knowing".

A: Yeah. I imagine that the "not knowing" part would have to be baked into the euphoria anyway. Better to focus on the euphoria then.

B: Very well. But do you have any more ideas?

A: I suppose another one might end with, service to others is the answer. But that feels a little cheesy and I'm not feeling that very much right now.

B: Any others?

A: No, I think that's it. I think going from blissful ignorance to uncertainty to joy is a nice, straightforward and yet challenging trajectory that I'd like to explore.

B: So can you start on the story now?

A: Uhh... I'm still missing some things, I think.

B: Such as?

A: Where should the story be set? I don't want it to be overly specific. I suppose it should be in something that seems like present-day, or the near future. I'd probably like to incorporate present technology into it, because I think things like social media and the Internet are very important, powerful things and we ought to examine those things in fiction. Those are things that aren't being adequately captured, I feel. Nobody's really doing justice to them.

B: Okay, so your character has access to modern technology. It's not fantasy, it's not sci-fi.

A: Yeah.

B: What else? What's left?

A: So now I need to know what the conflict is going to be. Is it just going to be one man alone in his room? I guess that could work. I don't really want to introduce multiple characters, because that makes things more complicated. I should just do one person really, really well.

B: So get cracking?

A: I wonder though, what should I do about backstory? What are this character's specifications? What is his family situation? What are his finances like, what were his childhood dreams, you know?

B: I think those are things that you can afford to figure out along the way. You're not publishing a novel, you're just writing short stories.

A: Yeah, good point.

B: So, what's the story?

A: Well, I know the starting conditions and I know where I want the guy to go. But I haven't thought about what the conflict is. I think that's what's missing. There needs to be some sort of stress, some sort of frustration, some sort of difficulty for the person to have to overcome in order for the story to be interesting.

B: So what do you think is an interesting conflict?

A: I don't think I have the luxury of trying to pick a conflict like I'm choosing something to eat or wear. Instead I have to recognize the conflict that's already on my mind, and find a way to express that.

B: What's the conflict on your mind?

A: I don't want to be cheesy, but I guess I should start cheesy and then try to make it less cheesy. But I'm thinking some sort of eternal conflict, the struggle to make something out of life against the bleakness of death. The attempt to find joy and beauty and meaning against the inexorable passage of time. Those are the real villains. Death. Time. Ignorance. Entropy. Indifference.

B: Those are big things.

A: Yeah, so I guess I need to make them smaller. I've really been thinking about the passage of time a lot. I was reading an earlier vomit and I enjoy this little point I made about how when a person is gone from your life, even for a little while, you're sort of lobotomized a little bit. Because you develop an entire language together, made up not just of words but of shared experiences, shared motifs, inside jokes. And when that person is gone, you can't exactly just share those things with other people instead. You have to find different things altogether.

B: That's pretty nice. I mean, it's bittersweet.

A: Yeah, maybe I'll write about that.
Less Wrong has a bit more of what I like, but it also seems has its own weakness (in my opinion), in that it gets all pedantic and bean-county. People get very invested into their intellectual identities and get into all these protracted arguments. I'd prefer a more "Nassim Taleb" sort of LessWrong, if one existed. That said, while I enjoyed Taleb's books (and I enjoyed meeting him in person– he's actually really warm and friendly), I'm not such a big fan of the community on his Facebook page. I can't quite put my finger on it. Something feels "pretentious". [3] I don't mean that as an attack on anybody's character, I'm sure they're good people. But something doesn't quite sit well with me. I don't feel like I can participate well in the community. That's on me, not them.

I've always been on the lookout for a really great community that I can really feel a part of. I think Quora from 2011 to 2013 was like that for me, but it isn't quite the same anymore. What happened? I'm not sure. It could be the evaporative cooling effect.

Anyway, I don't want to attack any community. Communities are difficult to manage and run. I've tried before. It's not easy. People are messy. Handling disagreements and conflicts is hard. I might give it another shot some day in the future. I guess the best way to start would be by writing blogposts that I personally believe are strongly representative of the kind of place that I'd like to be, and then I can invite people to it, invite guest posts, and slowly build something from there. That would be nice. [4]

But what is my top priority? My top priority is improving my own thinking. But the idea isn't simply to get better at thinking for the sake of thinking (because that can lead to a sort of "thinking porn", or "insight porn"), but to get better at thinking in order to take better actions and to become progressively more powerful.

Power became a dirty word at some point, but it's really a neutral one. Power is the ability to effect change. The more power you have, the more change you can enact. I'm talking about personal power, dominion over self. I'm curious about an interplay of discipline, motivation, focus, habits, routines, beliefs, perspective, nutrition, exercise, conversations, creativity and so on.

I know there are thousands of blogs out there that talk about all sorts of similar things. There's the whole "lifestyle design" blogosphere where people usually talk about travelling and living at beaches... I'm actually not very interested in that.

What am I interested in, then? There are startup blogs, talking about how to do startups, which tend to be tied in with the PR of the companies that are being run... and to be honest I'm not very interested in doing anything very much like that either. (I might do it if it suits my interests, but I don't think it's in my interests right now, and it feels like there are other things that I'm more interested in.)

I want to find some peace and calm within myself, but I'm not exactly interested in starting a Zen blog. Leo Babuta's got that one covered. I recently observed that Zizek is like a mix of Alan Watts, Louis CK and Nassim Taleb all in one. Well, who am I? What am I? I am a mix of all my influences, obviously. But what do I need to talk about? I'm probably overthinking it a little.

I suppose I should go back to the core of my manifesto. More Power. I googled "Power Blog" and found a bunch of motivational drivel. Blah. That doesn't work. I fantasize of getting into the "power neighborhood" of folks like Zuck, Gates, Musk and so on, but I realize that I'm not so sure if I'll be able or willing to build large companies. And it definitely seems that if you want to achieve things at that scale, you have to involve other people, and that almost always involves building organizations. (Which, as Musk pointed out, is just a group of people coming together with a common purpose to achieve something.)

So maybe I'm getting ahead of myself and thinking too far ahead. For now the questions I need to answer are– what are the things I can do to increase my personal power in my own life to do the things that I want to do, without being sleazy and smarmy about it? This 1,000,000 word project is one of them. I suppose I'll do similar things for other things that I care about. Experiments that aren't meant to be shocking or crazy, just good, simple experiments. And I'll write about them and accumulate data and see how it goes. For now, it's time for bed.

[1] I'm not sure why that is, I'm not entirely sure what the difference is, and that in itself is something worth exploring in a separate vomit. I think it might be as simple as this: full sentences forces me to use a "natural, organic" pacing. Bullet points and diagrams, on the other hand, can get really messy and technical. But organic writing can get messy too, so I don't know. Maybe it's just a "know it backwards and forwards" thing.

[2] Which in turn is shorthand for "thinking manifesto", since my blog is where I want to do my public, precise thinking.

[3] Pretentious is a very pretentious word, which is almost as frustrating as "lisp" having an "s" in it.

[4] I suppose I could theoretically do that for my Singapore blog, too, and that would be particularly worth doing because then I would be able to build relationships with people in the city that I live in. Which would be nice.
"Huh. It's funny– I didn't actually rehearse what I was going to tell you. I have some short-hand thoughts in my mind, but blurting those out would be silly–"

"Hm? Silly why?"

"Because it's not even what I actually think. The truth is something more...nuanced than what I am tempted to say, and if I say it – "it" being a really shitty shorthand that's totally misleading and insufficient – then I'd be doing the exact opposite of what it is that I want to do."

"Wait. Uh... so what is it that you want to do?"

"I want to... God, this is tough."

"Seems like it!"

"Okay, okay, I got it. I should start with questions. What does love mean to you?"

"HAHAHA. What?!"

"Okay, that was a bit..."

"Out of the blue?"

"Yeah, I know... Was it, though? I mean, we've known each other for like, 2 years now."

"Wow, yeah."

"See! And I don't even know what love means to you!"

"Hahahaha. You ask the strangest things..."

"There's a reason, though. You see, I used to just blurt things at people. And then they'd misunderstand me, because their interpretation of what I said was entirely different from what I meant."

"That kinda sucks."

"Yeah. So for me to actually communicate what I want to communicate, I need to understand your context better. I need to know what you think, and how you think, and then I can explain myself to you in a way that makes sense to you."

"Sounds like a lot of work."

"Yeah, but isn't it the most important thing, though? We all talk to people every day without ever knowing whether they actually hear what we mean. People get married and spend decades of their lives together thinking, 'My husband never listens to me'. I mean, how tragic is that?"

"Very tragic."

"Yeah. So, I don't wanna do that. I don't wanna be that way, not with anybody. Which is why I ask these strange questions."

"Aww..."

"I know right, I'm a total charmer. But seriously though. What does love mean to you."

"Well... what kind of love are we talking about?"

"You tell me. I wanna know what comes to your mind. What kind of love do you think we're talking about?"

"Uh... I'm assuming you mean romantic love? Nobody really asks about family, or friendship, though I think those things are equally important if not more so. And love for a craft, or movies, or architecture..."

"Mmhm..."

"So, romantic love?"

"I wanna hear it all. Architecture too."

"Well, I love how good art makes me feel. I rarely cry, but once in a while a good movie makes me cry. I... enjoy that."

"Why?"

"Wow, I don't know. It just feels good, I guess. Like a good shower."

"You like showers?"

"Uh, who doesn't? Don't you?"

"Yeah, I do. I guess everybody loves showers."

"It's one of the few times where you can be absolutely, blissfully alone. Might just be my favorite 10-20 minutes every day. I would shower several times a day if I could. I think we should have hot showers at work, and we should shower in the middle of the work day. It'll be glorious."

"Isn't it interesting, though... what's the difference between being blissfully alone and being painfully alone?"

"Jeez, you're just full of big questions!"

"Yeah. I... that's just who I am, really. Mr. Big Questions. Always have been, probably always will be. I can stop if you want me to stop, though. Do you have work to do or something?"

"No, I got a minute. What was the question again? You have so many."

"What does love mean to you, and what's the difference between being blissfully alone and painfully alone."

"Oh, I know how to answer the second one. Blissfully alone is when you're free from other people's bullshit– away from demands and obligations and errands and all that shit. Like, oh my god, seriously..."

"Hahahaha."

"I think that's the main thing I didn't expect about adulthood. All the obligations and responsibilities. Bills, bills, bills. And weddings to attend. And parents getting old. I mean, I sorta anticipated that stuff, but I didn't realize how hard it would hit."

"Yeah, that's the reason why adults are so boring. When I was a kid, I used to think, why aren't adults more exciting? They have money! Can't they do more fun stuff? Why don't they have cooler haircuts? And then I realized. Bills, motherfucker. Bills. Have you met my mortgage?"

"Hahaha! I can totally imagine you as a kid. You must have been so annoying."

"That... was a painfully astute observation."

"Heh, I'm sorry."

"Don't be, it's what I like about you. It's why I bother to talk to you, anyway."

"Aww, thanks."

"In a way, adults are morbidly exciting. It's just that all the excitement is on the inside. Should I kill myself today? Or should I drink whiskey and drunk-dial my ex? So many possibilities!"

"That got dark real quick."

"It's true, man. I think the real dark thing about life isn't the dark stuff, but that we whitewash it away. I was on reddit and there was a post about horrifying sporting accidents– there was one in the 80s or 90s– ice hockey accident, one guy's blades slit another guy's throat, and there was blood gushing all over the ice–"

"Jesus fucking christ–"

"Yeah, he was okay in the end though, and he was really lucky because his medic was an ex-combat medic who served in Vietnam, and the fella ran over instantly and saved him by PINCHING HIS GODDAM JUGULAR VEIN WITH HIS FINGERS–"

"What the fuck. What the fuck. What the-"

"Anyway, that's not the dark part. The dark part is... when the announcers saw what happened, they freaked out and cut to an ad. So when you watch the video, there's a Buick ad playing while a person is possibly dying on the rink, with tens of thousands of people watching."

"That's messed up."

"That's life, man. That's the dark part. The smiles and the civility. Barbarians must be traumatized by civilization. We live and mate in captivity, we keep our animals in boxes and breed them to eat them... it's dystopian as fuck when you think about it."

"Damn."

"Anyway, so you explained the blissfully alone bit, what about the painfully alone bit?"

"Uh... I'll have to think about that one and get back to you. Also I got some work to finish up. We should totally chat about this later, though. Coffee?"

"Sure."

"Please no more stories about blades and throats and the dystopian nature of reality, though."

"Aw man, but that's my favorite part!"

"Of course it would be. Laters!"
The first thing I'm doing that comes quite naturally is– I'm going to publish one Facebook status update a day, where I just write about something that I find interesting. It's shorter than a word vomit– the one I just posted was 400 words. But it's more challenging, because I'm forced to edit, to make it succinct, to make it punchy, to make sure it works and that it communicates effectively. With these vomits, I have the luxury of reading them months and years later and choosing to extract out whatever value I see fit. With FB statuses, they're representations of who I am to the people I care about (I deleted everybody off Facebook a few months ago and have been slowly, occasionally adding people that I think are worth my time), and if I want to make progress on the social front (having more quality relationships with higher quality people), then I'm going to have to make sure that my writings are of a certain standard. And that standard is always going to be rising. I like the restriction of only doing 1 a day– I used to be on Facebook all day every day, posting constantly. I think people appreciate it more if you post just one or two good things a day, tops.

Beyond that, I want to restart visakanv.com/marketing/. (Have I mentioned this recently? Maybe a while ago.) I've had a couple of recent events that have convinced me that I have the "right" to write about marketing. It looks silly to see that on the page. Specifically– I wrote a post on a subreddit that was stickied by the mods as an exemplary post (when in reality I don't actually agree with everything about the community... so that was really interesting to experience), and I went to a marketing event organized by a famous/popular company and witnessed for myself first hand the "state of affairs" of sorts. And both of those things made me feel (not just intellectualize) that I'm truly capable of making valid contributions to the broader community.

It's interesting. It feels like I've sort of come full circle. When I started out, I felt like I was preaching to the masses from my personal pulpit. I was maybe at the 45 or 50% watermark, preaching down at the unwashed masses beneath me instead of focusing on trying to climb and rise above my station. [1] Now I feel like I've risen a little– I don't want to try to make an estimate (I like how Tobi from Shopify said 'I hope I'm always at the first 5% of my journey' or something like that). Rather, I'd like to frame it as this– I've spent 500,000 words thinking and talking to myself, going over my own perspectives and ideas, reflecting, blah blah blah. I've also spent 3 years as a marketer, writing hundreds of blogposts and interacting with thousands of people.

Eh, I'm getting a little sloppy. The point is! I feel like I'm ready to revisit my initial plans that were valid but premature. I want to start writing "for the public" again, or "in public", and collect new feedback on what my public-facing writing is like, can be like. I'm quite excited about this. I'm going to pace myself by writing one status a day, and publish 1 medium post + 1 /marketing/ post per week at least. That's the plan. It doesn't need to be perfect but let's just see how it goes, and reflect on it regularly.

[1] I realize as I write this that I'm being a little too harsh on my younger self there. I was quite preachy, yes, but I think I was also quite commit to improving and getting better. I just didn't know precisely what betterment was going to look like, or how I was going to do it. But I believed that I was in some sense just as capable as people who were more successful than me, and I wanted to try to be at least as successful, on my own terms. I was wrong about a bunch of things, but it's not like I was COMPLETELY blindsided by those things. And the more time passes, the more I revise and internalize the initial failings as necessary, good, inevitable. After all, how can you make progress if you're not making mistakes? And if you're going to progress without mistakes, why haven't you done it already?

And to over-generalize a little too soon, it makes me feel like I can do all sorts of other things. I want to develop a more nuanced, higher-resolution understanding of electricity, computers, transistors, the Internet, WordPress, PHP, MySQL and so on. And I want to get better at managing my own time, breaking things down into little steps and just getting a lot more things done. [2]

So how did this happen? A few possible hypotheses, all probably connected. The first is that having access to a gym in my house reduced the 'activation energy' required, so much so that it allowed me to change my behavior dramatically. [3] The second is that spending that much money on a home gym forced me to be more serious. And the third is that it's just a function of time, and it was sort of inevitable. I think that's roughly the order in which I'm taking them seriously. If I want to do something, I need to make it easier to do.

So what's next? I want to keep working out. To continue getting stronger I'm going to also have to eat and sleep better. To do both of those things I need to work more effectively, because work stress kills my appetite and keeps me awake. Another way to improve both of those things is to meditate more. Meditation calms me down and makes me less stressed [4], which gives me better appetite and sleep.

So... I've tried this before and failed, but I gotta keep trying (and maybe make slight adjustments each time) until I get it. To "improve" my own behavior, I first need to know my desired end state. I now know that my desired end state is to become physically much stronger, because that gives me confidence and power in all sorts of other ways, too. So, for a few months at least, I should test the idea that everything I should do should be in the service of me getting stronger. So if I'm feeling lazy at work, I should remind myself that if stuff's not getting done, I can't afford to work at night, because that would mean that I'm not getting the optimal rest and diet I need in order to grow.

I last tried approaching this from a word vomits perspective, but it somehow didn't stick I think because I know that I can write whenever I like, so I can still put off writing for a few hours or a few days and rush it all at once. The body doesn't work like that. The body requires sacrifice, and I am deciding to make the sacrifices needed to experience the gains, on all fronts.

Which brings me to another important thought, or hypothesis.

(Stopped writing here, and forgot what the hypothesis was, but now I think I remember.)

The hypothesis is– I would get better results (overall happiness, quality and quantity of desired outcomes in general) if I set "get physically stronger" as my primary goal than if I set something else like say, "get more effective at work" (which has been useful, but seems to be plateauing). Why? The idea is that the body is the most immediate and unavoidable system in my life. If I don't eat enough, I can't get stronger. If I don't sleep enough, I can't get stronger. If I don't lift heavy weights, I can't get stronger.

The goal of getting stronger forces me to make sure that those things are all taken care of. At my last bench, I attempted 65kg for the first time, and failed twice before I got it on the 3rd try. I realize that if I had slept better, if I had rested more, I'd probably have had less difficulty with it. So I need to take care of myself in order to get stronger.

This is also the case if I want to get more effective at work, but the latter has more variables that allow me to BS myself. Of course, it's prudent to eliminate BS in all spheres as much as possible, and to develop a taste for eliminating BS, and I'd like to think (but cannot yet confirm) that I've taken a few steps in this direction. Anyway, anything else at this point is pontification. The point is that I think that it makes sense to see fitness as the #1 priority. We'll see if it plays out well. I think it will. Though I'm not too sure if we'll learn anything. We'll see.

[1] I've been reading my earlier vomits- I'm at around 120 right now. It's interesting to witness how much "explaining" I do. "Explaining " isn't a good enough word for what I'm trying to talk about. I spend a lot of time doing preamble. Like I need to prequalify everything. The more I write, the less necessary this seems. It feels like progress.

[2] My main plan here is to commit to 4 hour schedules of deep work. I think if I can do 4 hours of good work a day, I'm pretty much "accounted for". My problem is fuckarounditis, which I detailed in an earlier vomit. I need to approach work like I approach vomits and workouts. Done in intense bursts, not little scraps throughout the entire day.

[3] I've had an interesting experience with this with regards to my guitars. When I put my amp and guitars in my living room, next to my sofa, I found myself noodling away on a regular basis- almost every day. When my wife moved the guitars to our study to tidy some things up, I found myself almost not playing at all. I'd sometimes pick up my acoustic, but I almost never picked up the electric- the effort required to carry it over to the amp and plug it in simply seemed like too much. It's not even like I considered it and then decided against it- when it becomes harder to do, I don't even consider it. That's a really powerful thing to think about.

I've thought about this in relation to grocery shopping and other errands- a tiny bit of uncertainty or complexity can make a task completely unpalatable. It's kind of creepy. The inverse might also apply- if you reduce uncertainty and complexity as much as possible, things should be much easier to do. (I should come up with a phrase for this.) That's what gamification is primarily about, I think. And that's why we should document our processes. I feel a little guilty that I haven't done more of this. But guilt isn't productive. I'm creating a todo task to document my processes, starting with a list of processes I can think of.

[4] Stress also tends to give me these annoying knots in my shoulders. A few days ago, I was feeling stressed about work. I did the work. (This was a triumph.) Then I hit the gym. Most of the tightness in my shoulders just went away- and I got me a new bench press PR. The next time I'm stressed at home, I think I'm not even going to wait till I finish the work; I'm going to hit the gym right away. The flood of endorphins, etc makes me more productive.

(This wasn't a very good vomit. Circling around too many things without drilling into any one thing deep enough. So be it, we'll do better next time.)

Another day, another commute, more routine, more faceless strangers.

Today's thoughts are about the difference between action and stagnation. When I walk through a crowd, look through my social media feeds, look through the messages in my phone, I have to wonder... what does everyone else around me want out of their lives? How does it fit with or against what I want out of mine? I want more than this, and I don't mean in a narrow material sense. I want to be big and bold and expressive... how many other people want that? [1] [2]

I think I'm definitely due for an information diet reset. These things seem to work in cycles. I slowed down when approaching 400 and 500 word vomits, but it now feels like it's time to power through, power forward. When I feel like I need a break during the work day, I can meditate or play guitar. I do not need any more information than I already have.

I recently unfollowed everybody on Twitter. I still have friends on Facebook, I think they're reasonably well curated but I also think that Facebook feeds are BS most of the time. What I really want is to build relationships with people that I can count on in emergencies– people you can call at 3am and ask for help. I've asked a few people casually, how do you deepen acquaintances, how do you develop stronger relationships with people you like? And the answer is invariably, "you gotta let it happen naturally", "it takes time", etc– which I think are rather weasely answers. I suppose my original hypothesis was that it takes shared experience. You need to go through difficulty together. So the best way to build deep friendships will be to find people who are working on difficult things, and help them. And yeah there's a bit of a luck element to it– I've built a couple of relationships with people just by helping them in times of need, despite not technically being close enough to them for them to think I'd help them. I think I've been somewhat consistent about this.

Feels weird to talk about it openly, because I suppose there's always something seemingly Machiavellian about strategizing one's relationships. But we all know we all gotta do it if we want to do more in life. If we want to achieve great things, we're going to have to prioritize. And that applies to relationships too. Some people are more deserving of our time and energy than others. There may be some people that we should cut out of our lives altogether. There are almost definitely some good people that we ought to spend more time with. And there are always people who aren't in our circles or on our radars who we might be great friends with, in every sense, if we only knew each other and had the opportunity to connect.

This vomit was originally supposed to be about information diets in general, not necessarily people and relationships (although it's quite understandable that that happened, because we're social creatures and we're mostly wired to care about people and relationships more than ideas and concepts and so on).

What should my closing thought be? I think a thought I've been having is– it's not necessary to over-optimize the elimination of bad stuff, that can be an endless, infinite game that ends up distracting from the point of the whole thing. The point of having a healthy information diet is to be able to think better and make better decisions, to be happier and healthier and experience a better life across all variables. [3] So it's important to focus on the main objective, and not let the process supercede it. Right? That felt a little abstract-silly. The point is to have a good life, and not spend one's life neurotically obsessing about how to have a good life.

So rather than feel bad about all the bad stuff, we should feel good about the good stuff, and seek to feel good more by doing more of the good stuff. That's a little oversimplistic but I think sometimes oversimplistic is good.

(Pause.) This has been a rather fragmented vomit. Many of them are. Whenever I'm lost, I should always just think about what message I want to send to my future self when he's reading this later on. I want to say... you already know what you should and shouldn't be paying attention to. You already know what's good for you and what's bad for you, what will get you closer to what you want and what will hinder you from getting there. You also know that it's ultimately all a game so you don't need to get too caught up in it, remember to take breaks. March steadily towards something a little more optimal, while you learn to enjoy the march.

[1] I've second-guessed this several times over the years but it has persisted through even some rough times so I'm slowly becoming more certain that this is true. There's always a chance that it might not be true, but I think it's worth finding out by enacting it. But I think it's really quite clear that I am somewhat different in some way. Maybe I'll find out 10 years from now that I was deeply ignorant and naive about this, but then so be it.

[2] I need to be careful to avoid falling into a trap of comparing myself against other people for the sake of feeling good about myself somehow, or for the sake of playing that game. The comparison is meant to be fleeting and momentary- just to identify who I might want to spend more time with, and who I ought to spend less time with. It's not about being better or worse, it's about assembling a hunting party that's worth being a part of.

[3] I'm wondering now if it makes sense to try and specify and prioritize some variables over others. It probably does. That's food for thought for another vomit.
The more time I spend online, the more I read news articles and forums and reddit, the more I look at what's going on on Facebook and Twitter, and even with group chats with friends, the more I'm convinced that most things are just entertainment. [1] Time-pass. I wanted to say mindless entertainment, but that can be a little misleading because this entertainment can be really engaging. You can end up using up a very substantial amount of your limited cognitive resources just thinking about and discussing some issue that you're not actually directly involved in, that you're not going to make a direct impact in.

I used to be very involved in peripheral discussions, and I still sometimes get involved, so I'm very aware of the justifications involved. A seductive idea is that everything is connected and that we're always involved whether we like it of not, and that it's bad to be aloof, it's bad to be distant and uninvolved when there's so much pain and suffering and injustice in the world. No drop of water feels personally responsible for the flood. But we have a "moral responsibility" to get our hands dirty, to get involved.

This was an easy decision to make when I was in college or when I was a conscript- I didn't care for what I was doing, I was checked out. So everything else was endlessly fascinating and deserved my full attention. As I've gotten older though, I've gotten more responsibilities, bills to pay, a job I actually like. And these are all things that demand my time and energy, which is limited. So I have to think more carefully about how I want to allocate resources.

I don't actually need to compromise on my fundamental principles and values. Or rather, my principles were vague to a degree I did not realize until I was forced to make them precise. This project is part of my way of developing more clarity about my own priorities. If I had infinite time and energy I would sit down with every single human being and talk to them for decades. But I don't have unlimited resources. So I'm forced to prioritize.

So then. Thought experiment. If I can only talk to one person, who should I talk to? That's obvious, me. I am the most important, significant, influential person in my life. Visa is the biggest player in the game of Visa's life, which is interconnected with other people's.

So. While the previous statement is "obvious", are my actions consistent with my belief? It doesn't feel like it. So that’s a no. I do believe that I am the most consequential person in my life, but I do not behave as if that were true. My actions are not consistent with what I think my priorities should be. If I were true, then I would be talking to myself first thing in the morning and last thing at night, every single day.

The fact that I publish these vomits in a public space implies that I care about what other people think. Which is fine. It's possible to care about multiple things at once. The question is what do I care about MOST? It appears I've never really been able to properly give a good answer to that. Every single time I've talked about it in the past, or tried to approach it, even by myself in private, I find it difficult to come to a good honest answer that I can truly get behind.

I think I can now say that the answer is personal strength. I've experienced about 5 weeks worth of strength training (in the physical fitness sense) and I find myself feeling stronger in a very fundamental way that I had never considered before. When you lift a heavier weight than you were ever able to lift in your life, and you do it with just a little bit of concentrated effort, you begin to wonder what else you can destroy with a little bit of concentrated effort.

Now I've known this intellectually for a long time. I've been writing about it for a long time. But it somehow required me to lift a heavy ass weight over my head and feel it in my muscles and bones before I found myself beginning to "truly believe" that this is true for me.

Caution-check: Is this really true? Is this new? Is this different? Haven't I said or done this before? Surely I've experienced getting stronger in some way before. I find myself thinking about learning a particular song on the guitar and how that makes me feel more powerful. Learning to play Radiohead's Exit Music (For A Film) made me realize that I can develop my musicality to places that I had previously thought were unnavigable. But then I still haven't gotten around to properly playing Nat King Cole's L O V E. It's achievable, I know it's within my reach, but I haven't sat down to practice it. So I should make it a priority. I should print it out and play it in my spare time. Because once I'm able to play it, I know that I'm able to play a whole bunch of other things, too. And I deeply enjoy it. I deeply enjoy being able to do things that I wasn't able to do before. And I think that is my highest priority in life. To grow stronger, more powerful. Because that is pleasurable in itself, and that gives me more resources and leverage to do everything I want to do.

[1] Etymology time! The word entertain is made up of 'enter-', as in entrepreneur, enterprise, which seems to mean 'to undertake', 'within', and '-tain', which means 'to hold', as you see with contain, maintain, sustain. It gets interesting to think about why we like to be entertained. We want to be held, to be transfixed, to be captivated. There's a sense of fixedness. Is it a big leap to suggest that we're somehow afraid of change? Of flux, of darkness, wetness? That if we weren't held in place by something, we'd fall into the unknown, or fall apart, and that's scary or uncomfortable in some way.
Let me try and summarize what I've been rambling about in the past few vomits.

A quote I've been ruminating on is "Winners focus on winning. Losers focus on winners." I'm still not clear about whether I'm a winner or a loser. [1] I think for the most part, for the most of my life, I've been a loser who's gotten particularly GOOD at playing the "let's talk about winners" game.

How do winners win? There are probably a few different ways, but there are two on my mind right now:

1. Think for themselves from first principles
2. Study other winners

The problem with number 2 is, when you set out to study winners, you're going to find yourself surrounded by losers who are also very interested in discussing winners. But they're not actually interested in winning themselves. They're never going to get into the arena. They're just enjoying the show from the stands.

As I write this, I realize the "simple" solution to the conundrum: ACTION. The difference between winners and losers isn't actually where or how they get their information [2], what what they do with it. It's action that makes the difference. The scary thing about defining yourself as a "student of winners" is that you might actually be a loser and not realize it. You're a loser until you start winning. And if you haven't won anything yet (again, however you choose to define what winning is), then you're a non-player. Non-starter. Inconsequential. Irrelevant.

So if you want to become a winner, you have to get on stage. Get into the arena. Take action. Over and over again.

So yeah, maybe "winners" and "losers" are loaded terms. Maybe it's better to frame it as "players" and "spectators". Players focus on winning. Spectators focus on players. So the question is, are you a player or a spectator? That becomes a lot simpler– if you're playing, you're a player. If you're not playing, you're a spectator– no matter how much theory or wisdom or knowledge you might think you have accumulated. If you don't have skin in the game, you're not a player. The moment you stop playing, you're a spectator.

It can't be that simple, can it? There must be more. And yes, I think there is. Once you've learned to play a particular game well, you can fall into a certain comfortable pattern where you just push that button over and over again. You're still "playing" but you're just going through the motions. It gets unsatisfying, even frustrating. You actually have room for growth but you're stagnating. You thought you'd reward yourself with some rest, and take it easy. And sure, rest is important for recovery. But rest too much or take it easy for too long and you start slipping into becoming a 'spectator' again. You're going through the motions, so you're not actively playing. You're just running on autopilot.

The analogy breaks down a little, because it's not like there's 1 clean division between players and spectators. It's an infinitely recursive game, where each level of players can either focus on getting to the next level, or coast along and spectate the higher level players (or whatever random nonsense is going on in the world that they aren't directly involved in).

To revisit the ideas about "feel good about doing more good stuff instead of feeling bad about what bad stuff you're doing"– some spectating is inevitable. We're all a part of the greatest show in the known universe, and we're simultaneously observers and participants. We can't help but notice what's going on around us, and we can't help but think some thoughts about them. The point isn't to never think anything, but to not get attached to those thoughts. To not pick teams and develop BS theories about what's going to work and what's not going to work and so on.

The only team you truly pick is your own. And you dig deep and deconstruct everything and figure out all the cause-and-effect relationships. It's far more satisfying to take your own team to the next league than to sit around discussing the moves of teams far beyond your league, who face challenges that you can't even conceive of.

So the question to ask myself is this– am I a competitor or a spectator when it comes to my own life? Am I satisfied at the current level that I'm competing at? If I'm not, what should I be doing to improve my own game? As long as I'm unsatisfied with my current performance, I should have a clear plan of ACTION for what I'm going to be doing to fix that. I think the old me used to just try to avoid facing that question altogether, because it made me sad and uncomfortable and upset to realize that I wasn't the man I pretended to be, that I wished I was. I can now bench press more than that man actually weighed, so fuck that. I'm growing up. I'm doing more.

Lol at me getting psyched up in my own word vomits.

More calmly, though, the point is that I have to face my problems head on. And that it's my actions that define me, not my theories about myself or others. Any time I find myself theorizing excessively, thinking very hard and long about something subjective, a simple and easy way out is– can I do more? Can I do better? Is there a heavy ass weight I can lift? Is there a blogpost I can ship? Is there some plumbing I could do? And I've found this to work even with household stuff– cleaning out the grout in my kitchen and replacing my lamp's power switch and cleaning out my CPU all made me feel great.

ACT. COMPETE. ARE YOU SATISFIED? DO YOU LIKE WHO YOU ARE? WHERE YOU ARE?

Impress yourself. Earn your own respect.

[1] I know it's oversimplistic. I don't want to get too far into de-simplifying it in this vomit. Let's define winners as people who achieve and/or make progress towards their stated goals, and losers as people who don't. There's all sorts of additional complexity involving how you change your goals over time, etc

[2] Although over time winners almost definitely are better at picking out good information. Also I'm reminded of a quote by Plutarch or some old wise guy about how if you truly learn the art of listening, you'll be able to learn even from fools.
Another good experience has been deciding to open up my company blog to freelance writers. It gives me some ownership over the work of others, which is a nice privilege and responsibility that forces me to clarify my own principles.

I've also finally developed a GTD system that works for me- a mix of workflowy and trello. It's really just a list of lists and a system of moving post-its from left to right (done), but it works well and I'm happy to have it.

I've met a couple of friends for coffee or dinner here and there, and it's almost always been a good experience. My regret is that I feel like I haven't done it enough. If I died at the end of the year, that would probably be my biggest regret- that I didn't take more time to spend with friends.

I suppose my reasoning there is- I spent a lot of my teenage days just lounging and loafing with a bunch of people who were also just lounging and loafing with me (at least while I was with them- perhaps they were doing other things when I wasn't around). And it was fun for a while but eventually became a huge waste of time. And I suppose I've been trying to live in a deliberately opposite manner- immersing myself in work, and refusing to loaf with my friends.

But once I write it down it's clearly over-simplistic. My effectiveness at work is not purely a function of how much time I spend on it. There are diminishing returns past a certain point. I can be more effective at work by being decisive and focused. It's almost like I'm just punishing myself by spending as much time on work tasks as possible, while getting just a passable amount of work done. And then I don't have much real time for myself left over, and I feel like that's my "punishment" or penance or something. My silly brain seems to think that I'll be somehow rewarded or acknowledged for "making sacrifices". But it's not actually a real sacrifice. A better way exists. I can have the best of both worlds, I just need to be better to myself. The rules of the game are different from the silly rules of school and family. Work done is the measure, not time spent. And if I make myself a priority and carve out time for myself to have stress-free, guilt-free fun, then I can return to work with happiness and joy rather than a foreboding sense of obligation and duty, only tolerated because it's better than being a worthless bum.

Also, it's not like any of my friends are particularly interested in loafing any more, at least the way we used to. Times have changed. Our lives have changed. We've grown older. We have responsibilities now. A night out (or in) with friends is no longer about naughty escapism (and it wasn't always that, anyway). Now it's about sharing precious warmth and love, which we could all probably use a little more of. We can better trust ourselves now to be sensible, to know when to call it a night, to get back into the grind. We don't have to keep beating ourselves up for the sins of our ignorant youth.

So the next steps there are to schedule more regular meet ups next year with the people I love. More dates with the wife.

Did I do a decent amount of writing? My experience is colored by the last few weeks, wherein I haven't written a lot. But I I do know that July this year was when I was most disciplined about my writing habit. So that's good, I should try to do that more next year.  The first vomit I published this year was 0206, and this one is 0513– and it's not even the last. So I've done over 300 word vomits this year. My first vomit published in 2014 was 0119, and the last was 0205, so I published less than 100 last year. That's a 3x increase. I don't expect to do over 400 next year– it would be great if I could average 1 per day. (I sometimes have bursts of writing over weekends and rest days where I write 10+ vomits all at once. It's great.)

What else do I care about? Is music a priority? It would be nice to learn some new songs, but it doesn't feel like a crazy priority. I think a much bigger priority is to make sure that I do frequent self-reviews– to review how my days and weeks go, and to see how I can do better week after week after week. I'm 25.5 years old now, I can't afford to go into 26 with a lackadaisical attitude. Let's not waste time.

[1] I haven't been doing a lot of deadlifts yet, or much of anything else. This will change.

Do not depend on individual geniuses. Do not depend on strokes of luck or insight. Do not depend on moments of inspiration. They will benefit you if and when they come, but if you're serious about something sustainable, you have to depend on something more robust. On a broader ecosystem. On a culture. On habits, routines, structures, interactions, flows.

I've already known this, but it's nice to revisit it and reflect on it. Don't build Taj Mahals. [2]

"The Harvard economic historian David Landes concludes that China failed to 'generate a continous, self-sustaining process of scientific and technological advance.' Its achievements ended up being episodic and ephemeral. This was the tragedy of Asia: even when there was knowledge, there was no learning."

I don't feel qualified to talk about civilizations and nation-states and grand entities, I can only speak for myself. And I'm thinking that I want to make sure that I don't fall into the trap of being "episodic and ephemeral". I want to be someone who embodies learning, not just knowledge. I've been talking about that a lot over the years, one way or another. What does that really mean? What does it look like? How do I know if I'm actually doing it?

A thought I had was– I waste a lot of time second-guessing myself. That when I was younger, second-guessing and next-order-guessing was my core competency. I wasn't doing very much. I wasn't a person of action, I was a person of guesses and questions.

So over the past couple of years, I've become responsible for more things. I've been forced to take more action, so I can't spend nearly as much time second-guessing. It's becoming increasingly clear (if it wasn't already) that a lot of my second-guessing exists as a sort of busyness, to keep me occupied and to avoid taking action. [3]

I guess so now I'm trying to experience my life with less second-guessing, day by day. [4] So how do we do that? How do we reduce the amount of time and energy wasted second-guessing everything?

It begins with a clear sense of fundamental values and principles. And it's interesting to me that I've never been able to pin down a few things that I value most. I always pass it off saying that I value everything, that I can't be reduced into a few lines. And of course that's true for everybody too. And yet, how do I make my decisions? Based on how I'm feeling at a given moment? That's a valid system of making decisions, and I suppose I have quite a bit of experience doing that. I want to experience what my life is like when I use a different system of making decisions, based on fundamental principles. [5]

So... I should define my priorities. Which I'd like to think that I've done before, but it's never quite good enough and I got to do it better. Which I might not actually do in the context of word vomits, because that feels like... I don't know, it feels like something that might be better done in absolute private until I'm absolutely sure it's something worth sharing. Strange how that works. I suppose it's because I might want to think some passing thoughts that may not be palatable or accurate or representative or anything like that.

Anyway, I've run out of steam for this one so this one is done.

[1] It might be a little over-simplistic, but it seems that one of the best ways to entrench yourself as a thought leader is to coin a term that other people go on to use. A great slogan, a great phrase. "Imagined communities". "End of history". "The world is flat". "Outliers". "Blink". "Freakonomics". Of course, you can't just make up a term, you have to back it up with a coherent argument that people agree with. "Make America Great Again".

[2] The next line that came to my mind was "Grow Sillicon Valleys". So cheesy though. I'm reminded of a blogpost by a French startup accelerator about how tech ecosystems are (simplistically) a combination of 3 groups that are normally quite suspicious of each other– hustle, rebellion and know-how.

[3] I'm reminded of some interesting argument I read somewhere once about how procrastination is a way of avoiding doing things, because most things shouldn't actually be done– the idea that most interventionism is bad, most attempts at doing things are probably bad ideas, and we generally get by better if we just avoid things. I think this is semi-true to a degree, and it's probably true to the degree of which we are utterly ignorant of what's going on. If you have no idea what you're doing, and you're playing with fire, it's probably a better idea not to play at all. But the solution isn't to avoid playing for the rest of your life– it's to get informed. Of course, "getting informed" is itself a whole endless can of worms.

[4] I'm very aware of all the pitfalls of not reflecting, not thinking, not analyzing and so on... I spent many years stuffing my identity with all of those thoughts and ideas.

[5] Of course, again, if performed sloppily, this becomes an excuse to avoid thinking, to shirk responsibility, etc. Very aware.

So we're halfway through the first day of 2016. A year is an arbitrary signifier of the passage of time, but it's a useful signpost so I'm going to use it anyway.

# What is my vision for myself this year? What do I want to accomplish? What needs to change? What's the work that I need to do?

The first thing I want to do is to write every single day. That means at least 1 word vomit a day. I have 486 word vomits left to write (including this one), which means if I can do 1.3 a day I'd be done by the end of 2016. That's a nice amount of time to spend to finish the project and move on to other things entirely. If I try to do 2 a day, and there are some days that I miss, I'll need to do 243 days of 2x word vomits and can afford to take 123 days off. Those are some nice-sounding numbers. I'll attempt to do at least 2 today and see how that plays out.

# What do I want to do with my writing?

I want to use my writing to think more clearly. To troubleshoot myself. To remove bugs and inefficiencies from my mindware, so I can spend more time feeling happy, satisfied, fulfilled. So I can grow and contribute more and not feel guilty or ashamed about anything. I want 2016 to be my most productive year yet. I want it to be the year that I'm most proud of, that I'm least ashamed of. And when I succeed at doing that, I'd like to continue the trend for each subsequent year (but I'm getting ahead of myself).

# What will the remaining vomits be about?

I don't entirely know yet. I know I will be writing reminders to my future self about what works and what doesn't. I also think I may be using vomits to do sketches of future blogposts that I want to write, figuring out all the things that I want to figure out.

# What else do I want to work on, in terms of writing?

I want to flesh out my main blog as a repository of useful information that is helpful to me. I used to try to come up with grand plans and projects, but I realize that's a form of escapism and distraction. I need to get a little bit done everyday. The first and simplest thing to do is to go through my existing digital footprint on Workflowy and Evernote and externalize everything that's useful.

Then, I want to put together a list of things that I want to find out (I already have some sort of lists) and then I want to find those things out. This means a lot more research and a lot more reading.

# What do I need to stop doing?

I want to spend less time being distracted, less time being afraid of The Resistance. Less time on social media. Less time on reddit. Less time avoiding difficult things. Less time lounging in bed.

# What do I need to do that I'm not doing?

The main thing that's missing is a daily review system that allows me to improve day by day. I keep postponing them. I'm going to do one today, and I'm going to do one tomorrow. I'm going to track this on my Day One app.

I want to do a lot more reading. I have a bookshelf that needs to be re-examined critically. I want to get rid of books that I'm never going to read.

# What are some measurable, manageable goals that I want to achieve?

I want to bench press my bodyweight (85kg).

I want to squat 1.5x my bodyweight. (130kg).

I want to run 2.4km in 11 minutes or less.

I want to write 400 word vomits in a year, or 2/day x 200 days.

I want to read the first chapter of every single book that I own. Assuming 400 books and 10 minutes per chapter, that's 4,000 minutes. Suppose I spend an hour per session. That's (4,000 / 60) hours, or 70 hours. That's 1.3 hours per week. So I could do this by just spending an hour on every weekend reading.

I want to do a daily review every single day. The bare minimum would be

"today I wanted to do X. I did Y".

I want to be more effective at work &lt;- how am I going to measure this? I need to develop a system or routine for developing deep work. I think I can do 4 good hours of work a day. So where should these 4 hours be, in the context of a work day? I haven't made this clear yet.

I typically go to work almost right before lunch, so I seldom get deep work done before lunch. After lunch I'm typically unproductive for a while (I've been thinking lately that the best thing to do after lunch is to do some isolated reading, or some isolated task management, without allowing for online exploration). If I get deep work done at work, it's usually... 4-6pm, sometimes later. And then I get home late and tired and I might do some work then too if I didn't do much earlier, and then I sleep late, wake late, the cycle continues.

I think it would be much more productive if I went to work much earlier. I should get 2 hours of deep work done before lunch, 2 hours of deep work after lunch, say after 30-45 mins of rest, and then be done for the day. To do this I need to reach work at 10, which means leaving home at 9, which means waking at 8. I personally really do enjoy waking at 6 or earlier– I can spend some time writing for myself, I can spend some time with the wife, I can work out, the weather is pleasant, and I can eat breakfast, and I can leave for work early– the commute is a bit shittier because it's more crowded, but I can leave work earlier too, which is a more pleasant commute, and I can get home before it gets dark, which is great.

So I think I want to work towards that. Sleeping and waking earlier. Shifting my entire schedule back. Getting 2 hrs of good work done before lunch, a break, and two good hours of work after. So I'll measure my progress towards this on Day One too.

I think that's a good set of goals to make progress towards on a month-by-month basis. I'll do monthly reviews to see how I'm doing. I'm not 100% sure how long it will take me to get stronger and faster physically, but I should be making progress at a steady rate and I'll keep track of that.

But the point is that I think there's a very specific threshold that I crossed, a
"zero to one" type transition. Zero to one can seem relatively trivial when you're doing one to ten or ten to hundred and so on in the future, but really zero to one is the most critical. It's the most "dangerous", or the most fragile, the most volatile. It's okay to check out at ten, hundred, etc if you know that you've done your best.

But at zero, you don't really know anything. You don't know what your best even is. You don't know who you are. You don't know what you're capable of. You don't know what the world is. You don't know what is possible, what is out there. Again, these statements will remain technically true every stem of the way – everything is vague to a degree you do not realize until you attempt to make them precise. So each time you level up, you find that there are things about yourself you were not clear about, things about the world you were not clear about, and so on. This will never go away.

(At this point I realize I should probably get my hands on a copy of Peter Thiel's Zero to One to see what that book actually is about. I haven't read it. Should I look for a summary right now? Let's just finish this vomit first.)

So yeah. I feel like I'm at one now. I somehow miraculously made the transition from zero to one. And now the challenge is to get from one to ten. It's simpler in some ways and harder in other ways. And I feel like I need a clearer sense of what's happened.

Let's start over from a different origin point. It feels like a lot of what I was doing until fairly recently was to try and prepare myself for something. I tried to get some background knowledge, I tried to get good at arguing, I tried to think more clearly, I tried to expand my mind. And I think I did a pretty good job of those things. But what's funny now is– all of that was to hopefully prepare me for a role that I would then be able to fulfill. And I knew that of course no amount of preparation would ever be enough– at most it gets you your foot in the door, it gets you noticed.

But once you start in your new role– as husband, as employee, as working adult, and so on, it's an entirely new set of skills that you need. It's an entirely new set of perspectives. And that's part of the fun of life, how everything can change in almost an instant. And I'd like to pride myself on being good at making these transitions. I'm not so good at accumulating decades worth of knowledge and know-how of some highly established craft– I'm never going to be a chess grandmaster or a poker champion or anything like that. I get bored of those things. What's more interesting to me is being fast and good at adapting to change when the entire game changes.

But if I'm honest with myself, I'm not nearly as good at it as I want to be. The difference though is this: while the idea of becoming a chess grandmaster kinda intimidates me, I like the idea of getting good at this. At learning fast at a new game when everyone else is still stuck playing the old game. I see this as a core competency of the new information age, where technological revolutions are going to keep happening faster and faster and faster.

But so what does this mean? How do I get better at that?

First of all I'm going to have to relegate a lot of old and unfinished readings and pursuits. I have to cut and cauterize a lot of old threads of thought because they're distractions now. I know in my heart that those things will always come in useful or handy when I least expect it, and I don't need to try so hard to hold on to them. I can let them go and trust my subconscious to surface them as necessary.

Second, I'm going to have to be a lot more strong-minded about prioritizing things. That's the big mindset shift I need for 2016. I've been trying it on as training wheels for 2014 and 2015, and this year I want to kick it into overdrive. I am directly intertwined with my environment, and I am constantly affecting it + being affected by it. I am opting out of allowing chance and randomness and external circumstances and cues dictate my fate.

Why was I like that in the first place? I think it's because I guess I felt naive, ignorant, incompetent, uncertain to make plans... the mistaken belief was something along the lines of "if I don't plan things, then if things don't work out it's not my fault". But once you sit through "things not working out" over and over again, it starts to get grating. The fear of being responsible and accountable becomes smaller than the frustration of shitty outcomes.

So the mindset goal is to transition into loving and desiring more accountablility, more responsibility. Recognizing it's not something to be afraid of, to shirk, to avoid. This is probably one of the most central threads of my life. I am the adult now. I am in charge of my own life, my own fate, my own destiny. I am responsible for how I'm feeling. I'm responsible for what I choose to focus on. If I want to do great things, I have to personally undertake MORE responsibility. And that only seems scary because I haven't gotten stronger yet. But the squat rack has revealed to me that I can get much, much stronger than I think I can.

So let's get stronger. Let's go from one to ten.
That's why it's worth rereading old books and rewatching old movies. Not to find out how much those things have changed (because they haven't), but to find out how much YOU have.

And so the thing that I found myself thinking was– I was looking through this collection of short stories that we were assigned to read, and I recall how I hardly ever really read them (yet when I did read them I think I enjoyed them). And I've been wanting to read them again now as an adult. Why? Because I feel like my English teacher had pretty good taste, and I'd like to be a fiction writer soon, and it would be good to read well-curated selections of short stories.

Okay, but why do I want to write? What do I want to achieve? That's what I want to meditate on for a while. What's the point? We're all going to die. It's dawning on me that I want to write even if I know I'll never get paid for it. It would be slightly more frustrating if I never got recognized for it– but I can break that down. I don't mind getting recognition for a psuedonym. It's not that I want to personally be famous or popular. It's that I want to write things that people recognize as quality work. I don't need to be the one getting the glory, it just needs to do well. That would sort of satisfy me, at least as far as I can tell right now. Assuming that the responses are from smart, thoughtful people.

What is quality work? What is the work that I want to do, and why do I want to do it? Why is this worth undertaking? Well there are some non-lofty answers. One is that I simply like words. I like that they're just made out of simple lines, and that anybody can write them. It costs nothing to write a million words, or ten million words. You just hammer them out, you barely even have to think about it. [1] And yet words have so much history, so much baggage. They've been through centuries, millenia, passing from mind to mind, evolving, changing, developing, shedding this, gaining that. And we can use them however we see fit. To explore, to pry, to open up, to question, to attack, to analyze, to do all sorts of crazy fun things. I've already developed myself quite a bit as a writer and I do quite like the idea of spending another 70 years just getting more acquainted with words and sentences and paragraphs and so on. It feels like an artform that I'd like to develop mastery over.

Is there any use to that? Well, you don't actually need writing to be useful in order to enjoy it, and if you enjoy it that's all the use you'll ever really need in this objectively-meaningless existence. To have enjoyed your time here, that will have to be good enough. To have enjoyed some words.

What does enjoyment mean? How do we enjoy something? What causes enjoyment? What are the factors influencing enjoyment?

I find myself thinking about things like flow, challenge, control, etc. But those things don't really apply to reading, do they? I mean, hm. I'm not sure. What makes something a really-damn-good piece of writing? It has to achieve something that the pretty-good pieces of writing don't achieve. It has to really dig into something interesting, without too much unnecessary fluff. It has to make a lofty promise of some sort and meet it. It has to have stakes. It has to have challenges, difficulties. It has to have some sort of setup. It has to have some sort of premise. It should surprise you at some point. It should make you reconsider something. It should give you a new way of thinking, a new way of seeing, or at least give you some new questions to ask that you hadn't asked before.

What are some questions I haven't asked before? What are some ways of seeing things that I haven't seen before? It's really the most powerful thing once you fully internalize something like that. You inherit entirely new universes just by slightly changing the angle of how you look at things. More than double the pleasure for practically no "real" work, though it's also arguable that it's the hardest and most important work of all.

Anyway. Let's try to answer the question head on– why do I want to write? I think the main reason is that I want to figure out elegant, efficient ways of making sense of all the chaos and complexity that I have inherited, that I have witnessed. Humans are natural storytellers and sense-making creatures. We try to fit things into narratives that make sense to us. Often these narratives are flawed, as all models are. When that happens we owe it to ourselves to smash them, turn them inside out and examine them really closely. [2]

And the idea I guess is to experience reality more richly, to see the interconnectedness of all things. This wasn't the best of vomits but there's something in here, hopefully, that I'll draw from.

[1] I imagine soon we'll have direct neural interfaces that allow us to practically imagine words into existence. And maybe then we'll be able to imagine pictures into existence, too. That will be a trippy, exciting time.

[2] A thought I had recently was – how come we learn about stepmothers in fairy tales so quickly and easily? So apparently it was common to grow up with stepmothers because women often died in childbirth. Now that's kind of surprising, its' not immediately obvious. It's satisfying to have a sense of context for that, it makes the whole thing richer.

I found a business book that I found to be... "stock"? It said all the good things that you expect in a business book, but somehow it felt like it didn't quite... "click". I don't quite know how to explain it, but it's the problem with a lot of mediocre content out there. A book is less mediocre than a blogpost because it invests in some amount of scope, and there's noticeable editorial effort put into it. But I don't know, I feel like it was just doing a particularly good job of talking through basic concepts and ideas that everybody already understands. And to be fair, simply implementing the most basic principles better is enough for anybody to gain a competitive advantage over most people – but how do you do that? How do you get around to internalizing everything that is in the textbook?

That might be precisely it. It was a business textbook, but with seemingly inspiring stories (which I've grown to be very skeptical of) thrown in. Whenever I hear a story that sounds a little too nice and good, I have to be a little wary. Real success is usually a lot messier than the stories told about them, and often I think the most critical things really tend to be in the messy stuff that gets left out. I don't know, maybe I'm just sour grapes or something. But I don't know. It wasn't really doing anything for me, and I decided to move on from there.

I've also re-discovered a few books that might be more interesting, useful and relevant to me than I had previously recognized. It's a little more nuanced than what I've just said. I obviously got the books because I thought they were a good idea– many of them were bought at a library book sale, without too much examination. If it seemed to fit my general scope of interests (which is pretty broad), I'd throw it into the "buy" pile– they were all $2 each anyway. But then I never really got around to reading most of the books. I would occasionally pick one out and get started, and some of the times I found stuff that was really really good. The User Illusion was one. Balzac's Lost Illusions was another (and I read that one because another author I liked recommended it). The Nurture Assumption I read because of a recommendation. Some biographies here and there, those are pretty easy because I'm interested in the people (Carl Sagan, Steve Wozniak. I still haven't gotten through Linus Pauling, maybe because I don't have enough context about why he's interesting. I think I'd be more eager to read Peter Drucker's book than Linus Pauling at this point.)

So the plan is to keep going through the books and to at least get a sense of what each book is really about. To spend 10-15 minutes figuring out whether or not it's a good fit for me, whether it's going to be useful to me in some way or another. Idealistically it would be nice to read everything, but realistically I can only read limited number of books in my lifetime so I have to prioritize great books over good books.

I notice that there are certain clusters that pop up. I have a whole bunch of books about the basic sciences– maths, physics, chemistry, biology. Things like how we discovered the brain, evolution, genetics, cells, light. I have a bunch of books about consciousness, technology and the interplay between the two. I have books about language, words, linguistics, writing. I have books about democracy, politics, power, history. Then I have self-help books about managing yourself, transforming yourself, self-esteem, dealing with misery. And there are some business books– pursuit of excellence, good to great, etc. There are some pop-psych and pop-econs books– freakonomics and so on. Books about thinking. There are also more esoteric books like "how to manage uncertainty in complex systems", "heidegger's analytics", etc. Some stuff about philosophy (which I'm actually not all that interested in any more, at least right now). And then there's a bunch of fiction– there are the scary classics (Lolita, War and Peace, Anna Karenina, Infinite Jest, etc) and there are a bunch of contemporary things in there too that I haven't really looked at more closely.

What are my thoughts about all of this? I think... I think actually I have been wanting to get some new books to explore, but I've been feeling really guilty about that because I've basically filled my bookshelves to the brim. And the problem is that I'm not sufficiently clear about what each book is in the bookshelf for. If I knew, then I'd be able to sort and/or prioritize them as appopriate and see where things fit, and whether or not it actually makes sense to get any new books. So I've been sort of "deadlocked" in my information consumption because I haven't gone over my existing collection thoroughly enough.

So the hope is this– with some minimal effort going through each book, I will get a sense of what I'm most excited about reading. If there are books that I don't think I'm ever gonna read, I can let them go. And if there's a book I'm more excited to read than my top 10-15 highest priority reads, then I can buy it without any guilt. Yay books!

I also just want to quickly remind myself that I actually really did enjoy spending time holed up in my study, with the air conditioning on and the sunlight coming through, just sitting around poring through books. It's a cheap pleasure that I've been neglecting. Not this year!
Of course, we're not robots or machines [1], so we need breaks and rest. And those things should be planned and scheduled.

As I say all of these things, I find myself thinking, surely that isn't always true for all cases. There have to be some times where you literally just screw all your plans, all your bento-box management and just roll with it, just improvise. The thing is, it feels like I've really romanticized that idea my whole life to avoid doing any real work, to avoid doing the boring scheduling stuff. But the output is never all that interesting. I have had few great adventures, most of them have been pretty boring and predictable.

Skilled improvisation requires practice. Spontaneity requires practice. Otherwise we fall back into the same patterns, same routines. I have been noodling with similar patterns on the guitar for years, just as I used to play SimCity and Grand Theft Auto badly, and die, and repeat the same patterns over and over again. Maybe there's something calming or reassuring about the repeating of a bad pattern, even when you know it's a bad pattern. Amusingly I'm sure I've already written a few vomits about this in the past. About how the horrible-familiar is often preferable to the unknown.

I was reading a little bit about Portia de Rossi's struggle with anorexia, and she had a very powerful way of describing it– like she had some sort of horrible taskmaster / drill sargeant in her head who would yell at her in her subconscious, before she was even fully awake. I relate to that in my own way. That there are things under the surface that are in control of me, that hold me in line one way or another. It might not be a specific, tangible thing, it might be more of an idea, a way of seeing, a habit of mind. A superficial instantiation of this would be the way I check social media on my phone every morning when I wake up. Why do I do that? Nothing good ever comes out of it. But I suppose there's a sort of addiction/craving mechanism for that variable reward, of seeing notifications, of finding out the unknown (even if the unknown can be assumed to be trivial nonsense).

I described that as a superficial [2] example. What's a more substantial example? I suppose it's my entire way of being. If that's too abstract– my entire way of thinking. The way I perceive. The things I choose to focus on. (I find myself thinking "Oh my god, I need to go on a silent retreat.") How, when I'm writing these vomits, I must be circling around a few things over and over again. What Christopher Alexander was talking about when he said that, practically speaking, life can be reduced to a startlingly few set of patterns that we live out.

Tired of a lot of my patterns. Tired of saying that I'm tired. Tired of that, too. Tired of having been here before. Will this be the last time that I say this? Probably not, but I'd like it to be. At least, the next time I return to this set of thoughts, I would like to be a very different person. I would like to be a lot more than I am right now. (Aside: I'm listening to old music. I suppose I'd like to listen to some very different music.)

Whoops, I got a little derailed there. Ended up on YouTube or something. Oh well. Let's just finish this one up. Actually a lot of this is just flourish and fluff, which is okay for the context of this writing project still... maybe, if I say so. But if there's something I want to take away from this, it would be... just make sure to break lousy patterns and to just "exit" often so you can start over with a fresh mind. I get stuck in things too easily, long after they've lost their utility. So I should just "get up and leave" often, and return fresh.

[1] And even those things typically need some sort of maintenance... might be more accurate today to say "we're not just software.

[2] What's the opposite of superficial? The "super" is latin for above, and the inverse of that is "sub". So "subficial"? There's a band called that. But that doesn't feel right. What about... substance? Yup, turns out it means "under / stand". And isn't it interesting how understand means understand? Anyway.
I woke up pretty early yesterday, I think. It was probably around 7 or 8 am. I left for work at 9-something, got to office at 1030 and actually got quite a bit of work done before lunch.

I got home really tired and fell asleep at about 1030pm or so. I awoke momentarily at 1 or 2 am, and later at 515am or so. I spent about 40 minutes looking through my phone, then went down to buy coffee at about 620am. I then came up and sat outside and watched the sun rise, which was a really beautiful experience. I sort of just took it slow, went and showered, and now it's 750am and I'm sitting down on my sofa, looking at the sky, writing this word vomit.

I've had a few false starts [1] with the past few attempts at writing, possibly because I'm trying to wrap my head around something larger than I can currently grasp, or because I'm not focused enough to stick with it through the full thousand words. Probably both.

Today though I'm awake, well-rested, have some time to think and write, and I don't really feel like doing anything else in particular, so it feels like I have a good shot at writing something (or a couple of things) that I'd be okay with publishing.

Let's start with the sunrise. I like witnessing sunrises and sunsets. I find them to be appropriately awe-inspiring and humbling. They remind me that I'm just a little human in the grander scheme of things, and they remind me that great, beautiful things are possible. It's like a mini-version of the Overview Effect, which I have often said I'd like to witness.

Theoretically speaking, the sun has risen over 9,000 times in my lifetime so far, and set just as many times. That's 18,000 events. How many of these have I witnessed? Definitely fewer than 1,000. Probably a couple of hundreds, tops. How many do I consciously remember? Definitely less than 100. Maybe less than 50. That's 50 out of 18,000. That's 1/360, which is less than 0.3%.

So I have to confront something that I think is symptomatic of a broader problem that I'd like to solve– the gap between what I say I want and what I actually act in order to get. It's a subset of the circle of influence vs circle of concern problem. If I like sunrises and sunsets, why don't I take the time and trouble to witness them? I know they're good for me. I know they make me happy. I know they make me feel like writing, which is another thing that I say that I want to do.

This really does feel like one of the central challenges of my life. Bridging the gap between what I say I want and what I get.

The easiest way to make a big dent in the problem is to eliminate many of the things that I say I want, by examining them closely to see if I really want them, and eliminating them if I don't. Working backwards (because examining everything I've said would take years)– I think the things I want the most are– to become a really good writer, to live without guilt and fear and anxiety [2], to be physically fit and strong.

Okay, wait, even here I feel a need to pause. What do I actually know for sure? I know that I like words, and that I can spend an indefinite amount of time just learning about their history and studying how they're put together and so on. So it makes a lot of sense for me to want to be a writer. I love the smell of a beautiful sentence. So that's easy for me. But what do I know beyond that? Should that be the central thing in my life around which everything else is organized? What would that even mean, what would that even look like? How can you purely pursue a craft for the sake of craftsmanship if you don't know what you're doing it for? What is the point of writing? I suppose the clue is in the second thing– I might be writing to resolve guilt and fear and anxiety, to resolve the neuroses and tics I inherited. Why do I want to do that? Because those are just really unpleasant things that get in the way of me appreciating and enjoying life.

I guess a simple heuristic might be, "I want to earn my own respect". That would be nice, and the opposite case would be not-so-nice. What do I respect? Effort. Focus. Discipline. Conviction. I was watching the entire Rocky movie series a while back and I was intrigued to realize that while I value intelligence and smarts, I admired Rocky a lot despite him not having tonnes of it. What he had was HEART, and I found that very admirable. This will to just keep going on, to not quit, to not give in. To keep trying. To persist. Why do people do that? What's the point of doing that? There isn't any, but we do it anyway. So that we can look back on our lives, maybe, and say that we stood for something, we tried something, we made something of ourselves with the clay we were given.

TBC, I haven't answered the central question yet.

[1] Anyway I think the simple solution for dealing with half-written drafts is to just get rid of them and rewrite them altogether. When I read old vomits, I find myself amused and disappointed by vomits that are a bunch of haphazard thoughts just stitched together. Those aren't very valuable to me. It's far more valuable to either ruminate on a single idea or to follow a single train of thought, even if it deviates and diverges significantly (like this one).

[2] There's a line from Les Miserables that makes me really want to read it, about the protagonist seeking and attaining redemption.

The last vomit ended with "I have not answered the central question". Probably because I didn't ask it clearly enough. So what IS the central question? Something like "How should I live my life?" What should I focus on? How should I direct my limited resources throughout the remainder of my life? What should I spend my time and energy doing, and what should I NOT be doing?

I know I should be writing, and so I am doing that. The two questions that follow are, how so, and what else?

How So:
Right now I'm just going to keep continuing with the 1,000,000 word project just to make it to the end and finish what I started. This is primarily so that I can convince myself that I've done something substantial. Not necessarily SIGNIFICANT, but substantial. That's just an interesting thing to have in my mind when I go on to write anything else. If you can write a million words, you can write pretty much anything.

Beyond that, I find myself thinking vague things like "I want to explore ideas", "I want to write fiction", "I want to solve problems". I don't necessarily want to be the best in the world at any of those particular things for its own sake, I think that would be a little... I'm thinking "extremist" or "putting the cart before the horse", but that's not quite accurate. It's more like... it would be me putting myself into a structure that I don't necessarily agree with, and I might end up optimizing relentlessly towards an end-state that I don't actually desire.

But I'm also aware that if I don't pick anything, it's possible for me to just languish without making any progress. That's definitely happened before. So I might spend some amount of time doing "problem-solving" writing, some amount of time doing "idea-exploring" writing, and some amount of time writing fiction, and seeking to get better at each of those things as I do them. But I also think that I don't particularly want to define myself as a person who does just one of those things. I don't know for sure, it might be a little premature to think about this in too much detail. But it's good to at least be aware of it.

What I do know is that there are a lot of gaps in popular writing. Some of these gaps were filled by people from decades or centuries ago, but people generally have this odd obsession with current affairs and so there are a ton of really good books and really good material that never get appreciated in present day, beyond a small audience of purist fans. A part of me thinks that I'd like to just sit around and read and review old books in a non-pretentious way. But is that what I should be doing with my time? Maybe, why not. We'll do a bit of that and see how it goes.

So I suppose the short answer to "how so" is to just experiment with different things and see what I learn from each thing. I may spend some time doing intense head-down study and review, analyzing books written by other people. I may spend some time writing strange free-association things that don't have a particular voice or narrator. I may do some of that within the context of these vomits, or I might not. The thing is to just kep moving forward.

Alright, that much is fairly clear.

What Else:

To keep writing I need to take care of myself physically, emotionally, financially. Those are to some degree also good ends in themselves, but I'm not sure if I want any of them to supercede the writing thing.

Often I find myself worried about money. I have a house to pay off, and the loan lasts 30 years. I'm 3 years in now, so theoretically I would be done in 27 years. Who knows what's going to happen over the next 27 years?! Life is unpredictable. I might die from an accident or from disease or from something otherwise unforeseen or unexpected.

So how much time and energy should I devote to worrying about money? How am I going to make more money? My primary source of income right now is from my full-time job as a marketing guy for a tech startup, which I do enjoy. I've learned a lot.

A thought I have is, "If I could do whatever I wanted, I would stop working and just read and write myself silly". While technically that IS an option, it isn't necessarily a good or optimal one. My mind just operates in simplistic absolutes when it comes to intuitions. What does that thought really mean? Am I sick of work? No, I like my work. I just wish I spent more time reading and writing. Okay, is that achievable? With the 24 hours I have every day, can I get work done ANd do reading and writing? I think subconsciously I feel like that's not possible. Subconsciously I feel like I'm not working as effectively as I could or should, and that I should devote even more time and energy to work– and that that will limit the amount of time I can spend on other pursuits.

But zooming out, what's the reality of the situation? Am I effective as possible at work? No, absolutely not. I think and I believe that all I really need to do is 4 super-focused hours of work every day. Yesterday I managed to do maybe an hour to two hours, and that was pretty good. If I can do 4 hours a day, I believe I should be able to "be ahead" of my obligations, and then I can read and write for pleasure with no guilt. [1]

How do I do more focused work? I need to be more aware of distractions and deviations, I need to be more clearheaded about my priorities and what needs to be done, I need to make sure that I'm lucid, awake, constantly re-evaluating what's going on. So it's really important that I keep track of the work that I do, and the time that I spend on doing that work, and how that all plays out. I'm currently doing that on Trello and Google Calendar. Yesterday was my first day at work in 2016, and today will be my second. So my single main goal today is to keep track of the 30-min blocks that I spend at work and make sure that I devote them to the right things.

[1] I think what I need to learn and realize is that the guilt is really just an internal compass, and my problem isn't so much that it's there or that it exists, but that I haven't learnt to navigate by it.
Looking back, I think sure, I definitely had some of that. When I was in Junior College, I felt incredibly uncomfortable and stifled, and I felt like I was on a sort of industrial factory-line, being processed. I was angry, upset, frustrated, bitter and so on. I wondered, how does anybody buy into this crap? What sort of life are you hoping to lead once you've gotten your results? The options seemed almost universally terrible, to me.

I was lucky– I got out of that ordeal reasonably well intact. I still have some underlying anxiety and stuff, but it's not a big deal. I'll work through that stuff over the next few years. Hopefully I'll be done with it before I'm 30, and I'll be able to be a "full, self-actualized adult". I'm guessing this is something I'll look back and laugh at as an example of hilariously naive, wishful thinking, but I also think it's good to be naive and wishful about some things. [1]

But so what I'm trying to get at is... let's start with where I am right now. I'm 25 going on 26. I've been married for 3 years. I've been a working adult for 3 years. I've been paying bills for 3 years. I've produced about $100,000+ worth of goods and services for the world, I think. I'm no longer obliged to listen to "authorities" the way I was as a child– if I wanted to I have the freedom to quit my job and just... do whatever I like, really.

Stop, rewind. There's a quote somewhere that goes along the lines of– "Sometimes I look at birds and wonder, if they can go anywhere in the world, why do they choose to stay here? And then I ask myself the same question." Some variant of that is on my mind. What is the present configuration of my life, my reality, and why do I choose it over all the other possible configurations? Inertia. Legacy issues. If I wanted to, I could change everything. Well, should I? I'm sure there are some changes that are worth making. What are these changes?

I find myself revisiting the basics. I should change the way I sleep. I should change the way I eat. I should change the way I work. I should change the way I write. I should change the way I consume information. I should change the way I get things done. I should change the way I see the world. I should change the things that I choose to care about, I should change the things that I focus on. The assumption underlying all of that is– that I've inherited most of these things, and if I've modified them any, it's mostly through simplistic, small-time trial and error.

When I was 22, I remember thinking, "Okay, I'm going to transition into adulthood now." Well, now I'm 25 and I've made the bulk of that transition. I know what it's like now to commute to work and back day after week after month after year. I see how dehumanizing it can be. I get it now. That's what I didn't fully appreciate as an idealistic teenager– I didn't appreciate how tired my parents must've been all the time, and must still be today.

Well, I think I survived the transition. This is my life now. Work and bills. I meet friends when I can. I watch a movie or read a book when I can. I write when I can. I get by. But I don't just want to get by. I want to thrive. In my mind, I think that thriving was out of the question for the first couple of years– I was spending all of my time and energy just struggling to get by. And I've gotten by. And now I have a bit of time and space and energy that I can carve out for myself, and I want to use those limited resources to figure out how to make life better for me.

What would that life look like? What does a better life look like? I think the first thing is just waking up early every day and dealing with life before it comes to me. It's better to do it early than late. [2] I've been trying to do that for the past couple of weeks. I've been sleeping earlier and waking earlier. I feel like I'm making progress on this front but it will take a few more weeks before I really adjust to it. Once I'm done adjusting to that, I'll want to be more effective and efficient with how I spend my early mornings. I'll want to get some reading done, some writing done, some planning and evaluation done. Figure out my commitments in advance– arrange my appointments and scheduling, plan my workouts, my meals and so on. That's the biggest thing that will make the biggest difference to my life– to be prepared and to anticipate things rather than to meet them on the road and improvise suboptimally over and over again.

Okay, I've gotten a bunch of stuff out about what I want to do over the next few weeks, but I haven't yet talked about what I actually set out to talk about, which is figuring out how and why I should change the way I relate to other people. That's up next.

[1] Well, it's complicated. I don't really want to get into that in the context of this vomit.

[2] There are reasons for this that I don't feel like getting into right now, but it might be worth elaborating separately.

What is work ethic? Wikipedia says it's a value based on hard work and diligence, and frames it in the context of Marxism and the Soviet Union. It also talks about Ben Franklin's quote that time = money, and uses a phrase "the value of delayed gratification to achieve self-actualization".

Some sociologists argue that it's irrational for an employee to work hard in a context where he "can't rationally hope to become more than a manager whose fate still depends on the owner's decisions". Andre Gorz wrote, "The connection between more and better has been broken; our needs for many products and services are already more than adequately met, and many of our as-yet- unsatisfied needs will be met not by producing more, but by producing differently, producing other things, or even producing less."

Fair. I think the modern concept of work ethic includes "producing differently, other things, or even less". Producing more effectively, in a sense. And the assumption that an employee "can't rationally hope to be come more" is valid in some terrible contexts, but not in mine.

Let's shift gears and examine a blogpost by Entrepreneur.com. It describes 7 elements of work ethic. A person with strong work ethic is... Professional (in presentation and treatment, and so broad a category that it "basically encompasses all the other elements of a strong work ethic", respectful (poised, diplomatic, polite), dependable (reliable, punctual, consistent, stable in an unstable world), dedicated (gets everything right, attention and devotion to excellence in detail), determination (unfazed by obstacles), accountability (admit mistakes, learn from them), humility (share credit for accomplishments, take work seriously but not yourself).

Let's examine myself. I think I'm respectful and have humility. I'm in two minds about my own dedication and determination– I think I have "long waves" of dedication and determination, and I return to things I care about and I persist at things long after people give up– but I'm bad at "short wave" dedication/determination. I can get distracted or taken out pretty easily. I'm not as dependable as I feel I ought to be. I'm not as "professional" as I feel I ought to be. Those were things that I never really learnt to do or be, and I even developed anti-values around them, thinking of them as "square, predictable, boring" and writing them off. As I get older and get more experience, I realize that fundamental truth– that stability is valuable in an unstable world, and that a stable base is necessary for you to improvise off of. There's not much point being some sort of creative genius if you crash and burn out.

smallbusiness.chron lists 5 characteristics– reliability, dedication and character are similar to the previous list. But they also include cooperation (sort of included in professionalism, humility... but with more of a "plays well with others" element) and productivity, which talks about "working at a consistently fast pace". It introduces the idea of speed, which I think the previous list implied but didn't outright mention.

Speed. I'm very erratic in the way I work, and the way I play. Perhaps a little less erratic now than I used to be as a teenager, but still too erratic to be reliably productive. With my own word vomits– in the context of my entire project, I still haven't successfully completed a "write 1000 words / day for a month". But sometimes I have these bursts where I do a lot of stuff at one go. I've occasionally had days where I've done 14,000+ words in a single sitting. And maybe that's just the natural rhythm of how I work, in bursts. And maybe all of this is me trying to... find some way to convince myself that I need to work according to the systems and structures that are around me, the structures that I was so flippant of when I was a kid.

Is consistency really important? Depends on what you're talking about. Okay, let's talk writing, since that's what I want to be doing until I die. Is it Really Actually Important to be consistent in writing? Well, you should have a daily practice because sometimes you'll surprise yourself with good stuff even when you don't think it's going to be good. And if you're going to wait for good stuff, sometimes you're going to be waiting for a really long time and that's going to make you feel like shit. You don't need to be consistent in quality, you just need to step up to the plate every day and give it a shot.

Okay. So what about the rest of life? What about in fitness? What about in doing the boring, painful, nasty work tasks? Even if you're doing the thing you love, about 20 to 50% of the time you're going to be doing administrative things or preparatory things or practice or rehearsal or something. Right? The musician can't spend all his time playing live– she also needs to practice, rehearse. She may have a team taking care of all the other details– the marketing, the promotions, whatever. She still gots to rehearse.

Well I suppose in my head the rehearsal part is fine. I don't mind writing reams of words every day for things that I like, for things that I care about, even if 90% of it is rehearsal. That's easy to justify. The hard part is doing the shitwork that ISN'T preparation. It's doing things like... the day job so you can afford to keep the lights on while you write. It's like Einstein working the patent office. But the thing about the patent office is that he didn't have to work very hard at it. He just had to show up, and he could've been daydreaming the rest of the time. He probably was.

So I guess the confusing thing for me is, do I want to be a marketer, or do I just want to be a writer? Do I truly want to be a part of a great company, or do I just want to be a lone ranger on my own? I think the problem for me is that I still haven't fully made up my mind about that, and I need to go sit in silence and figure that one out on my own. It's probably not a binary answer. But I think I need to be super honest with myself about what these things mean to me and what I want, otherwise I'm not doing justice to anything.
What's the point of saying that? Relief. It gets exhausting to keep up any sort of performance indefinitely. Life is short and limited, and you shouldn't get stuck playing a game you don't want to play.

Okay, so there's a "big-minded man" game I've been playing that I don't really find satisfying anymore. Maybe I will again in the future. Should I switch to some other game then? That seems like the likely outcome. I do like to be surprised and challenged, I think [1]. And once you're stuck in a game for a long time it can cease to be surprising or challenging in pleasant dimensions. [2]

It seems like the important thing to do then is to revisit your reasons for doing what you do, and clarify your desired outcome. If work begins to feel like a drag, why? It might be because you're just going through the motions, just getting by. "Just getting by" for long periods of time is excruciating for the curious mind. Unless of course you have something else going own. Just getting by at the patent office is fine if you're developing the Theory of Relativity in your head. [3]

[1] There are most definitely exceptions to this rule. There are bad surprises and unpleasant challenges. I'm reminded of a passage from Anthony Robbins' TED talk- "the surprises you don't want, you call problems, but you need them."

[2] As with the previous footnote, "pleasant dimensions" is a bit wishy washy and should be better defined. Growth is almost always painful, uncomfortable, hard. But it's great when you can see how it's helping you, expanding you. Lifting weights to get stronger is an example of a challenge that has a "pleasant dimension". But that's an unusually simple (rather than complex) context. Most things in life are much more complicated. Should you force yourself to learn something that you're not comfortable with? I guess it depends on your desired outcome, which is itself a moving target.

So the interesting thing is- challenges are painful but pleasant when they help you move towards a desired outcome. Where it gets unpleasant is when you're no longer sure of what your desired outcome is. If you don't know what you want, then every challenge- everything that requires effort, exertion and so on- is unpleasant.

[3] Or, I suppose, if you're recovering from illness or disease or depression or something. That's when "just getting by" is an achievement in itself. Of course, it never really feels like it. Our ideas of what goodness or success look like are too strong, too deep rooted. Idling Is Bad! (Note to self- reread Bertrand Russell's thoughts on the matter.)
Similarly, Alan Watts said,
&gt; “This is the real secret of life -- to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.”
That's a somewhat privileged perspective, of course [1], but there is truth to it at least for those of us living in corporate-cubicle-civilization-land, AKA the developed world AKA the primary source of whiny thought pieces such as this one.

Anyway. So the point is– we start out in life hearing [2] that we're supposed to seize the day, live our this grand adventure. [3] To live our lives with passion, with drive. To find out what we care about, what makes our soul sing.

And then we enter adulthood and we discover the flipside of the coin– that on the the other side of the Adventure is the Ordeal. Actually, we learn this even before adulthood. School can be quite the ordeal. Keeping up with shallow social relations is an ordeal. Developing a healthy self-image and self-concept in a world bombarded with advertisement and appeals to ego and lowest-common-denominator desires is an ordeal. Staying alive is largely an ordeal.

It's interesting to think about how (it seems to me that) parents tend to try to prepare kids for this, and yet kids tend not to really internalize it. I suppose you don't know what the ordeal really is like until you really encounter it.

The point I'm trying to explore is... how does one transition from Life as Ordeal to Life as Adventure? What are the precise steps that need to be taken?

Let's go through the possible outcomes.

1. Your life is really an ordeal. It really, really sucks. You've got parents and children to care for, you're not making a lot of money, you're basically in crisis mode 24/7. Maybe there's a war going on. In this case I think it'll be pretty tough to think of your life as an adventure. At best maybe you might see it as a "glorious" ordeal, like maybe God has given you a great challenge because you're the only one who can handle it. I don't know, I'm not a religious person but I imagine under such stressful/difficult circumstances it might be consoling to imagine it as such. Or maybe the secular equivalent is that you live a life that is an example for others, to inspire others. Either way, hardly an adventure.
2. Your life FEELS like an ordeal. It seems like an ordinary middle-class existence. You have enough to get by, but it's a struggle. You hate your commutes, but you don't need to worry about the precise details of how you're going to pay to top up your bus/train cards. You don't have a lot of free time, and when you do you're typically so tired that you end up indulging in very superficial crap just to distract yourself.

Well, I guess those are the two main scenarios. If your life is already an adventure, or feels like an adventure, then you don't really have an issue. Enjoy it. Hopefully in a responsible way. [4]

I guess where I've personally been stuck is– if life is an ordeal, obviously you batten down the hatches and solve your fucking problems like a man. But if your life FEELS like an ordeal, is it really? Is it not? Should you just "wait it out"? Should you just distract yourself? You know you don't have "real problems".

But the perception of a problem is still a problem that needs addressing just as much as any other problem. If things feel like an ordeal, maybe there's something broken with how you're feeling (which needs correcting) or maybe you need to correct something else. It seems like the first thing you should drop would be the mindless distractions– you probably need rest, mindfulness and sleep instead.

I feel like there was something substantial I didn't cover in this vomit. Something about predictability. Part of the difference between an adventure and an ordeal is predictability. If you're trapped in a box of things that you already know, and the world outside of that box is scary and unfamiliar and you're not going out there, and you're being grated by your circumstances (bills, mortgage, obligations, responsibilities), it's probably an ordeal. If you're getting out of your current box and expanding it, then it's probably more of an adventure. We'll explore that later.

[1] Those of us who are born in relative safety have the luxury of being engaged in the present and calling it play. There are still billions of people in the world living in incredibly harsh conditions, and it would be insulting to them to tell them that they ought to interpret their struggles as play. [1]

Yet probably a surprising number or proportion of them are likely to actually do just that, and be happier and more satisfied and laugh more and have better social relations and so on. So there IS probably something to the idea that modern civilized corporate cubicle life is dehumanizing. It's tough to make comparisons.

[2] When I say "hearing" – where are we hearing this from? Is this what parents talk about? My parents never really talked about that, they talked mainly about getting a good job, earning good money, not having to struggle. To escape and avoid the ordeal, I suppose. Because that's what they were subjected to. And they must've hated it and resented it so bad, and wished they could've bypassed it altogether.

[3] The latest iterations have been "eat pray love", "live laugh love", travel, wanderlust, look at auroras, take pictures in beach resorts and Europe and... argh.

[4] It's always possible to just drop everything and go crazy, maybe run away from the country, go backpacking or something. I mean, just take grand decisions. The question is– what about your responsibilities and obligations? If you don't have any pets, children, etc– if it's just you, then enjoy yourself. But otherwise you need networks of relationships to take care of things, etc etc.
I'm thinking about Facebook and video games again, and personal growth and scaling difficulty. When you play a game such as Borderlands or Diablo, your character starts out with practically nothing– maybe a really crappy pistol or dagger. You start out in a really crappy region, too– Borderlands 2 begins with you crashing into some snowed-tundra wasteland, Diablo 2 starts with you in a little Rogue encampment– basically a refugee camp. In Act 4, you're in the Hall of Champions, with Archangels hanging out, and incredible enchanted armor and weapons. [1]

What about in life? There are many different paths that can happen. You start out being born to your parents, obviously. Your dad may or may not be in the picture. You might be in a safe town or a dangerous one– born into safety or conflict. I can't speak for people born into conflict. I was born into safety– sunny Singapore, where everything runs smoothly like clockwork and it's easy to take everything for granted.

So within that narrow band of experience– the next thing is to go to school, which is really like an elaborate tutorial zone where you get grades. I essentially went through my tutorial zone by mashing on the keys and failing over and over again. It seems like most people from where I amgenerally remain in the tutorial zone until around 18-21, unless there's some reason for them to leave it earlier. Then some people start work, some people go to University (which is in some senses an extended tutorial zone/zoo). By 24 or 25, most of us would have started work. By this point there are some real economic considerations. What sort of resources do you have? Some people inherit a lot of them. But there may be some complexity about how they can access those resources– maybe their parents, who are the gatekeepers of those resources, demand that they perform certain tasks or live a certain lifestyle. Some people inherit effectively nothing. Some people have it worse, inheriting responsibilities and obligations and debt.

By this point it becomes somewhat clear that different people lead very different lives. A lot of the signs of public life and the middle class and peer groups etc work to suppress this uncomfortable reality. We (broadly) seem to like to feel like most people are somewhat similar to us, most people live this middle class life with similar aspirations. Some people enjoy pretending that this isn't true for them, but they ultimately do return to their peers for validation. It's been particularly sobering to witness how some rebellious punks in school ended up cleaning up to sell insurance or property. How people who wanted to be rockstars end up becoming wedding singers or photographers or yoga teachers. Ultimately we're all affected by market forces.

Why am I writing all of this down? The original reason was that I wanted to meditate on the fact that I often get stuck in old patterns, old routines, thinking old thoughts, remembering old gripes. We know that we literally live in the past by a few microseconds because of the way our brains work, but I also literally live in the past of a few years. I'm haunted unnecessarily by my younger self. The books I wanted to read then. The people I hung out with then. The habits I've had since then.

It would be the equivalent of playing Borderlands or Diablo, and constantly going back to the older parts of the map, using old weapons and fighting old enemies, just because it's familiar, simpler, easier.

We seldom fall into the trap of doing that in those games, because there's always something new and exciting to do. The new areas are more interesting and more rewarding. They give cooler weapons, cooler quests, bigger rewards. Life isn't always so kind and linear. The only time we go back to the old is if we're really bored, or if we're overwhelmed by what we're facing at the moment and need to go back to accumulate resources– potions, money, etc. It's usually an unpleasant grind, and it's usually better to just be very careful when facing the new and difficult enemy.

So I suppose I'm writing this to persuade myself that I need to sell my old weapons, stop being such a completionist about old quests, because there are new weapons to use and new quests to do that are much more suited for who I am right now. [2]

But beyond "letting go" of old things, the important thing is to confront and engage the present. What do I most need to do right now? Well, I need to finish this vomit, obviously. Then I need to wash my face, brush my teeth, have lunch, and get started on work. And that itself will repeat the process– I'll have to identify the most urgent/important thing at work, break it down into its components, pick the most critical component (if none is critical, pick the easiest/fastest to do...) and so on and so forth. In a sense it's the building and enacting of an algorithm.

Which makes me realize. Video games are quite "algorithmic". It's frustrating when you don't have one. It's fun when you do. That's when you get into a flow state. You know how to respond to something. When this happens, you do that. When your gun runs out, you do that. When you face a new enemy, you do that. There's a whole set of instructions inside the head.

The challenge is to do the same in life– not to reduce life to a bunch of rules, but so that things get done and free us to then fully engage with things as adventure rather than ordeal. That's how we get to be creative and improvise. Improvisation requires preparation. Algorithms set us free.

[1] There's something about that progression that's very appealing to people. In Every Frame A Painting, the narrator describes how in Jackie Chan's fighting sequences, he typically starts out disadvantaged and "on the bottom", and then he works his way up. Similarly, in JRPGs, you tend to start out fighting a slug or rat or something, and you end up fighting the Ultimate God Of Life And Death or something like that in the end.

[2] And these quests are time-sensitive too, so if I spend Visa-26's time doing Visa-18's quests, then by the time I get around to doing Visa-26's quests I'll be Visa-35 or something. So it's a constant catching up. I need to let me go.
I've been starting to post things on my main blog again. It's interesting for me to try to be mindful about what I'm doing. I'm not writing articles or posts intended for public consumption. Rather, I'm using my blog as a sort of public notebook.

I can't remember the earlier iterations of this idea. I initially wanted to do this for my "marketing blog", where I would instead of writing 1,000 posts like I do in these word vomits, I would use up 1,000 common or interesting words. That way, visakanv.com/marketing/[[word]] would always point to something interesting. I always thought that would be a rather interesting, memorable experience. That in turn I suppose is quite inspired by those old websites or text-based RPGs where the game or context responds to specific (sometimes VERY specific) requests from the reader/player.

As I write more of these vomits, I've discovered that it's going to be quite a struggle to internalize everything I've written. If I had to start all over again, I would be much more deliberate in making sure that everything fit together. That everything was modular. Things would build upon each other, reference on another. I've noticed that LessWrong does this well, and Terence Tao did this on his blog, too. And other people like Matt Might, Paul Graham and Venkatesh Rao come to mind. As Venkat said on Quora– if you want to think your own thoughts, you'll have to make up your own words, and your own language. I'm not sure if I've coined any unique terms yet. What I do know is that I have over time developed rather specific ideas about things. These things have developed in a very sloppy, haphazard manner over the past 500,000+ words.

Anyway so– I think that it's good that I've done what I've done so far, and I'm not sure if I'd have been able to have done it more efficiently except with all this additional perspective and knowledge and practice that I've had already.

Okay, so what's the plan? I want to convert some of my books into blogposts– by that I mean I want to publish blogposts that summarize books in a way that I'm happy with. Of course it'll never be perfect– I've uploaded an imperfect, incomplete summary/list/dissection of Charles Duhigg's Power of Habit. The idea there is that it's a book that I want to internalize. I want to be able to use the insights in the book and apply them to my own life. I want to be able to quickly and easily reference it in my writing. To do that I need to read the book backwards and forwards. When reading it for the 3rd time or so today, I found that there are a lot of "inefficiencies" – things that are good for the book because they give it narrative and context, but once you've got that, it's a sort of dead weight. I guess the best way to communicate what I want is to publish what I want to see. That will take a few iterations.

What else? I want to get rid of old books that I no longer care for. I want to summarize and extract what's good, remix it into something that's useful to me. What does "useful to me" mean? I was scanning through the "what I want" page on the 1000 site, and I realize that it's not actually a simple, straightforward summary of what I want. This strikes me as rather inefficient. If I want to "improve myself", if I want to grow as a person, I need to be able to quickly and easily access things about myself without having to go through an ardous process of recreating it over and over again (which is what I'm currently doing now, which is still superior to not doing it at all). So I'm going to have a post on my main blog, /blog/want, where I keep an up to date post about what I want. So that any time I'm feeling lost and confused or uncertain, I can just simply go to /blog/want and I'll be able to navigate my life using that buoy. That sounds simple enough. I know that I've already covered a lot of the material over the past 500,000 words. I don't think I actually need to re-read all of it in order to capture most of it in a post. It's in my mind, from all of that repetition and iteration. I just gotta trust it and wing it.

What others posts will I need? There are things that I want to learn. I'm making a list of that on /blog/learning, and I'll link out to child-posts from that master-post.

What else? I want to keep working out. I was already tracking it on the JEFIT app on my phone, but just to make sure the data is simple, neat and tidy, I wrote it out in an excel sheet on Google Drive. I now have a simple goal for that– to keep increasing my 1RM and 5RM lifts. As long as I keep doing that, I know that I'm making progress, that I'm getting stronger. I technically only really started in Nov 2015, and tomorrow will be Feb 2015– I'd have been working out for 3 months, with about 20 sessions in them. That's about 1 every 3 days on average. I think that's pretty good.

Beyond that, I also want to be writing more word vomits. I'm a little annoyed with myself for not having written more. But being annoyed isn't useful. I need to dig into the causes. Why haven't I been writing more, if this is such a big priority for me? Part of it is that I haven't been creating the mental state I need. I haven't been prioritizing it. Uh. I write mainly when I have something on my mind that I want to write about. But I know I've had a few things on my mind recently that I haven't written about. I made a few starts but I didn't make much progress, and I decided that if a vomit doesn't get fully written in a single sitting, I should just throw it out because managing half-vomits is annoying, and it's annoying to read them later on, too.

TLDR of this post– move fast, publish things, set up more legible buoys that actually work. Keep on keepin' on.

Next question.

Why have I not done tasks that I say that I want to do? Excuses– I got distracted. I don't have time. I don't have energy. Everything from the Procrastination Matrix– it seems like the payoffs or penalties are far away. The tasks seem scary and insurmountable. I don't see myself being able to do and finish the task at hand. So I avoid it, run away from it, hide from it.

Perhaps I should break things up into chunks. Before I can do something, I have to face it. So maybe I should make it a daily habit to face my tasks, before I can make it habit to do them. While re-reading the Power of Habit, I came across this part where a therapist was advising a chronic nail biter. The first step wasn't to try and stop biting her nails. It was to simply keep track of all the instances in which she found herself tempted to bite– whether or not she actually went through with it. Similarly, it was interesting to read Allan Carr's Easyway to Quit Smoking and find that he recommended that readers smoke the entire time that they're reading the book, as long as they still feel like doing it. I think in all cases the idea is not to get caught up trying to fix the problem before you're even clear about what the problem is. Getting stressed and anxious about a problem being unsolved makes it EVEN HARDER to solve it.

A lot of it is about managing your energy and stress levels. Being able to conceptualize of a problem as something that isn't scary, something that isn't going to ruin your life – although technically it might very well ruin your life if you DON'T do something about it... we try talking about these things in the light of rationality and awareness, but the problem is that these things happen when we aren't paying attention, when we aren't so alert, rational, aware. We have to admit that we're powerless, be comfortable with that, and then surrender entirely to a process. AA suggests surrendering to God. I think usually the important thing is to surrender to constant accountability. To supervision. To be forced to be mindful and to pay attention to what's going on. It starts with small chunks– paying attention to what happens for 20 minutes, then an hour, then several hours. I haven't actually learned to do this effectively yet. I still have large swaths of time that pass everyday without me being super-cognizant of what's going on. This is horrifying when I really think about it. It means I'm not really living my life. Of course, from my brain's point of view, I'm just conserving energy. If it's not critical, if it's not life-threatening, why waste energy?

But we no longer live in a world where energy is extremely precious. Energy is kinda abundant in a practical sense, for individuals. We can eat. We can rest. We can exercise. We can get a lot more energy than we think w can. Than I think I can. I can do more than my subconscious believes.

Uh, I'm getting distracted here. Why am I not doing hard, scary, insurmountable, complex tasks? Because I'm not breaking them down into simple, manageable, step-by-step tasks. Why don't I do that? Well I do that sometimes, but it's a new habit and I haven't gotten very good at doing it. I just need to practice it more. My personal trello board is a great place to do this and I have been doing this. I have been breaking things down into manageable components and getting them done. And I have been lifting more weight, and generally (very generally) sleeping and waking earlier. These are all good things. I just need to keep doing them, with more frequency and more intensity. If something works, accelerate it (within measurable, manageable levels).

Break things down. Break things down. A million miles begins with a single step. A million words begins with a sigle word. This is 528,000+. If I did this a couple more times, we'd be at 53% completion. That's not too shabby. I just need to break things down into smaller, simpler steps. It's not "excess work", it's critical work. This is how everything is going to be, so I gotta get down to it.
I've been feeling some feelings. I'll always be feeling some feelings. A part of me has been feeling a little melancholic– not VERY melancholic to the point of being forlorn and incapacitated, but enough so that I don't reaaally feel like doing work, and I think thoughts like "choosing to stay alive means believing that the juice is going to be worth the squeeze – that somehow the pros are going to outweigh the cons. The cons keep mounting. Bodies start to fall into disrepair. Bills pile up. We get tireder. We get more obligations and responsibilities. If we have kids, it gets even more challenging. The pros on the other hand don't seem to increase all that obviously. It requires imagination, faith, hopefulness, and perhaps all of that might be contingent on some sort of biological will to survive. We're the ones that have survived, and so we've inherited some sort of itch or craving to stick around. Well, most of us seem to have.

But when I really sit down and meditate on it I have to acknowledge that life at least gets more interesting, if not capital b Better. Things get more nuanced and complex. Circumstances change. Everything changes. Things that seemed flat and boring before become more interesting when looked at from another angle, through another lens, or in aggregate or when juxtaposed against something else.

But there are also some things that have been lost. Illusions and deluded expectations, maybe. The idea that there will be grand achievements. With each passing day, it feels like the probability of me achieving something on a grand scale is diminishing. Realistically, though, the probabilty of that is a function of my knowledge, my skills, my relationships with other people, and even things like the progress of technology (which I enjoy the benefits of despite my negligible contribution to it). But as each day passes, I'm reminded that my chips are finite, that I have limited time– and less every day. I'm still young enough that I can influence my health and boost my odds a little– perhaps quite substantially– but all of that feels rather wishy washy. The reality of it is that right now, I'm a wage-slave with bills and a daily commute. I've been this way for 3 years. I maintain that I love my job, and I do. I just hate bills and I hate commutes. But that's life. Maybe with time and effort I will be able to break out of these circumstances and reconfigure my life. And indeed I have reconfigured my life gradually over the past 3 years. While I still have my slips, I am largely more disciplined, more focused, physically stronger (though maybe not faster, not yet).

I've learned more about my body and my mind, though it always feels like I'm slow to apply the lessons that I've learned. [1]

I guess my question to me right now is, what am I doing here? What is this for? Right now, I'm almost home, and I'm about 200 words away from finishing a word vomit. I'll probably get home before I finish. But I'm writing this not because I have any particular insight to share. I haven't learnt anything amazing. I haven't even reall ruminated on anything particularly interesting. This is just me signalling to myself that I care about making progress on this thing that I've committed to doing.

I guess the thing here is a nuanced sort of self-doubt. There's the crippling sort of self-doubt that we've all probably encountered before– a sense that we can't do anything, that we're worthless frauds about to be found out at the next moment. I'd like to think that I've sort of dealt with that (though I imagine it resurfaces every time you attempt to go substantially outside of your comfort zone), and that I'm now navigating a more moderate sort of self-doubt. It's not so much doubt as it is the realization that I have limitations. That I'm not going to do 10,000 things. That if I'm lucky, I can do maybe 10 good things. And I should start by finishing up and polishing off the things that I already set out to do that I think are worth doing. This word vomit project is one of them. I'm more than halfway through it. To earn my own self-respect, I'm going to have to carry it to term, to follow through and go past the finish line. It doesn't matter if I learn everything that I want to learn from it before that – if that happens then I'll just enjoy playing around with some happy little experiments. But if I am to have substantial happiness in this lifetime, it seems like I'm going to have to get these things done.

[1] What are these lessons? It's always worth repeating them. That I need to manage my energy levels, that I need to work backwards from desired outcomes, that I need to plan and schedule things in advance, that I need to keep track of things on calendars and schedules, that what gets measured gets managed, that exercise is powerful and important, that it's good to eat healthy– more protein, less carbs. That I need to communicate with my team about whatever it is that I'm working on. That I need to learn to eat the frog, and move fast and just do it anyway. And just start, damnit, over and over again. When you're eating shit, don't nibble.
I'd like to keep doing monthly reviews for the remainder of the year, and subsequently for the rest of my life. I've been circling around this for as long as I've been writing. I did it when I was blogging as a teenager, I did it in my notebooks when I was a conscript. I think the idea was- I'm pretty Smart, so if my life isn't the way I want it to be, I should be able to Smart my way out of it. It's been taking a lot longer than I hoped, but I've definitely made significant, substantial progress. Old friends have told me so, and it's really nice to see your development through the eyes of others.

So what's next? Same as it has been for a long time: thinking and working towards becoming a more effective, powerful individual who's able to skillfully navigate reality. To make life an adventure rather than an ordeal. Doing regular reviews is going to be critical for that, especially for me because I'm so haphazard and sloppy.

I'd like to be able to say in 2017 that I'm the opposite of haphazard and sloppy. That I approach my life like a warrior, king, ninja, samurai, Man, Christian, whatever positive adjective- the label doesn't really matter.

I'd like to read less crap and spend less time responding and reacting to crap. To tend to my 'mind-garden', to build relationships with people that make me happy. To eliminate obligation-debt. To be more disciplined, and yet to avoid the trap of fetishizing it. I think I spent a lot of time in that trap. Feeling anxious and guilty about not meeting unfairly high standards, and then collapsing and giving up altogether. The challenge is the same as always- baby steps, incremental progress. To have manageable gradients rather than an insurmountable, discouraging cliff. [1]

I ended this vomit here, but I think I can pick up where I left off. It's now the end of the first week of February 2016. I think I'm doing okay. I just need to keep revitalizing myself. It's okay to slip up as long as I get back on track. And I think every weekend is an opportunity to survey the past week and get back on track, and to make corrections and adjustments accordingly. I will definitely continue doing monthly reviews. On a personal level I think I'm going to do weekly reviews too, but I don't want to get too brazen about it and jinx it. I'll just quietly keep track of how I'm doing week on week and see how that works out.

I guess I'm really just feeling this thundering passage of time. Facebook reminded me that it's been 3 years since I started work. And how much has changed since then? A lot, and not much. I'm definitely a little more self-aware then I was then. I'm less reactive, less brash, more composed, more able to control myself, to wait before I respond. I respond to fewer things.

I recognize that fewer things deserve my time and energy. Earlier on the Uber ride home I was scanning through Facebook for a few minutes and I noticed things that, 3 years ago, I would have tediously responded to. Take the latest current affairs in Singapore– that a 14 year old teenage boy committed suicide by jumping to his death after being accused of molesting a girl, and being questioned for 3 hours by the police. I don't know the details. I don't know what actually happened. I know that it's complex and complicated. And I know that people are emotional, hurting, upset. I know that there are political points to be scored, essays to be written. But I'm not going to be getting involved in that. It's not that I don't care anymore. I do. But I now recognize that it's much better for me, and by extension, for the people I care about, and everything else that I want to achieve, if I start by focusing on the things that I can make a substantial, lasting difference to.

I wonder if my past self would look at me now and think of me as some sort of sellout. But I'm not eschewing my fundamental beliefs or anything like that. I'm not saying or doing things that I don't believe in just so I can get money or fame or anything of the sort. I'm just prioritizing. (Is this rationalizing? That's for future me to reflect on.)

[1] I initially used the word "demoralizing" and decided "discouraging" was a better fit. It's interesting to contemplate the subtle distinction between the two. Morale is about mood, morals are about ethics. Courage is about heart, conviction. We use the two somewhat interchangeably but there's some nuance in the distinction. To discourage someone doesn't seem as bad as to demoralize someone. Actually, on retrospect, demoralize might've been the better word.
(Started in Oct 2015)

I just downloaded an app called Byword and I'm using it to write right now. It cost me $15. Part of why I did it I think is because I've been reflecting on the idea of the power of placebos. Was reading a Nature article about how some experiment or trial for painkillers was thwarted because the people who were receiving the placebo reported feeling much better too. Is it really a sham treatment if people are actually feeling better?

So I figure that it makes sense to try doing things that have placebo value. For instance, when I was in NS, I racked up a $30+ library fine. I had borrowed a bunch of books and kept them for a really long time. I had also bought lots of books from the library book sale, so I ended up having more books than I'm ever going to be able to read. So it seemed like I was never going to borrow books from the library again. $30 then was almost 10% of my monthly income or allowance as a citizen soldier, and it seemed wasteful to spend that kind of money at the time on something that wasn't going to have a material impact on my life. So I didn't.

But so, as a sort of unintended side-effect, at the back of my mind, I've always been a person who hasn't paid his library fine. It's just another data point that tells me that I'm an irresponsible person, someone who doesn't fulfill his obligations. That becomes part of the narrative that I've been telling myself, and something I'm going to make a more conscientious effort to break from. So part of that means paying my library fine, which I just did. And it does feel good. I don't know if it feels extra good because I'm extra aware of this whole placebo thing right now, but whatever. I'll just keep moving.

Decision-point: I originally sat down to write my shower thoughts, but then I paused momentarily and decided to do my writing on something a little more luxurious, and so I got byword and ended up writing the above. Do I now switch to what I wanted to write, or do I find something that allows me to continue this train? I think I should do the latter. That's actually the central idea of... well, having central ideas. I think I should get better at spending entire vomits sticking to a single topic or idea. This is mainly so that individual vomits are more useful to me in the future when I look back.

So, the line of action for this word vomit is now decided– it's about placebos and changing internalized narratives. Paying $15 for a writing app (and it seems to be working out pretty nicely so far, but maybe I'm just rationalizing– but that's fine, that's totally okay, that works!) is part of me doubling down on my self-image and narrative as a writer. Paying off my library fine is part of me redefining my image as a person who is trustworthy, reliable, pays off his debts. That’s a good thing.

Pause. I actually stopped writing this vomit back in October last year. I've grown to think that a lot of the time it's not worth finishing old vomits, but that's assuming I can't quite capture the original train of thought. But this one I think I can recover from.

The idea is that there are placebo purposes that are worth investing in. What other things can I do? One of it was to keep track of my workouts in a spreadsheet. Initially I decided that it wasn't even necessary to really keep track of them– just hit the gym as often as possible. But I did keep track in a notebook anyway since it was so little effort. Then I transcribed those notes into an app, and now I have it in a spreadsheet too. The good thing about that is now I can measure my 1 rep max and my 5 rep max, as well as the total amount of weight I lift in each gym session. As long as I keep increasing those 3 numbers, I know that I'm making progress and getting stronger. That's very powerful stuff even though "technically nothing is new or different". That's marketing, in a sense. That's adding a narrative that makes sense to me.

What else? I'm now over halfway through this word vomit project and I'm starting to feel a little lost and confused. I feel like I've been repeating myself a lot, which I recognize is a part of the process, but I also feel like I don't really know why I'm doing this anymore, or what it's for. A part of me deals with that by funneling my energy into fleshing out my main blog, which is now turning into a sort of wiki repository of thoughts and links, based on keywords that I can think of. I like the idea and I think I'm going to continue that. But I still want to keep writing word vomits just to keep the momentum going. So I need to find a new purpose.

So, Visa. You know that you want to complete this project. You have 470,000 words to go, 470 sessions of 1000 words each. What do you want to with it? Well, I want to meditate on very specific things so that I can connect the dots later. I want things to be more modular. In my earlier vomits I was trying to say too many things in each vomit, which made each vomit less useful in a broader context. Okay. So I'll just... write vomits based on the simplest possible phrases and ideas, or the smallest possible phrases and ideas. Will that work? I don't know yet. I'll start with the keywords on /blog/ and see how that plays out.

Anything else? I'm going to keep working out. I want to sleep and wake early but that isn't going so well. Never mind that for now then. I'll just keep working out, keep writing, and keep doing work. The sleep thing I'll keep paying attention to and see how it goes. I'll keep doing weekly reviews. It won't sort itself out by itself, but I think I can work on it from the side. We'll see.
(started 3rd nov 2015)

Let's start with a bit of skepticism. I've written about feeling guilty several times before, what makes this time any different? Well the main thing is that I'm not actually flooded with guilt right now, so it's not like an escape mechanism. By escape mechanism I mean... I'm not talking about guilt to avoid addressing the foundations and fundamentals of said guilt. I'm not talking about it just to wash myself with good feels. That's one of the patterns to watch out for, when you've defined yourself as a victim of some sort.

So we can start fresh by just approaching the whole thing with some calm, level-headed curiosity. What is the guilt, and where does it come from? Etymology is always a great hint, and it doesn't fail me today either. The word guilt comes from Old English's gylt: "crime, sin, moral defect, failure of duty." And I have to say, "Failure of duty" captures it perfectly. The moral defect bit is sort of a package deal. [1]

Have written about this before. It's far too easy to conflate different sorts of failure. Failure is an event, it is not who we are. We are bigger than our failures and our successes. A common response to that is "we will be judged by our successes and failures", but even that is actually misleading. Because there are two kinds of judgement, and we often horribly conflate the two. The first is judgement as part of a sorting and/or selection process, like selecting somebody for a job interview. The second is the more iffy but massive 'moral' judgement, where we try to grasp at the fundamental value of a person. As I write these words I realize how odd that sounds. Paul Graham has a great post about this, and I'd defer to that:

The important takeaway there is not to take optimal-set selection personally. If your teachers, etc don't quite appreciate your oddball quirks, don't take that personally. It's not about you. Not everything is about you. Stop being so goddamn self-centered, bruh.

And I guess where it gets complicated is– the language we use doesn't always make that distinction clear, so it's quite understandable that people mess this up. I'm speaking in the general but all of this is really about me (wow, this vomit is a trainwreck). That is, I'm talking about my own experience. Let's start over and clarify. I don't want to go through my whole childhood story again, I'm bored of repeating that shit. The point is that I used to be competent at one set of t hings and incompetent at another, and I was excessively (IMHO) celebrated for the former and unecessarily (IMHO) chastized for the other. It's easier to make the case that I over-celebrated as a kid, though maybe if I weren't then I wouldn't be who I am today, and I might regret that... though probably not, because I am always me, no matter which me I am.

It's harder to be clear about the unnecessary chastizing part. Unnecessary for my personal growth and development and education, but that wasn't what it was all about, that's the part where it wasn't all about me. It was about what was best for the broader system, for the whole, and I appreciate that that is a necessary thing. I appreciate the schools need to do the best with what they have to achieve what they can, and they aren't exactly obligated to look out for weirdos like me. In the general sense, a case could be made that the weirdos need to be protected a little for make benefit of society, but life isn't lived in the general sense. It's every weirdo for himself.

So let's try to TLDR the above. Guilt is a feeling. It's often a legitimate feeling, and it's a signal from the mind/body that something is wrong. The signalling mechanism itself might be broken, which means it's possible to feel either too little guilt or too much guilt. In both cases, we're not deferring to some moral authority about what is an absolute, objectively appropriate amount of global guilt. Rather, we're talking about guilt as a signalling mechanism for influencing behavior. If guilt makes you do things that are in your broad self-interest, it makes you a good person, father, husband, friend, colleague, and it drives you to do things that also make you satisfied and happy, then it's probably a good thing and it should be a part of your life. If you just need to confess to a priest once a month or you need to have beers with a friend to deal with that, then so be it, that sounds like a legitimate coping mechanism. If having absolutely no guilt enables you to go on and create incredibly amazing things, like iPhones and Facebook, and millions of people are helped as a result, that's pretty much great too.

And really, that's looking at it from an outcome-centric POV. The person whose judgement you'll have to bear is your own. That much seems rather inescapable, unless you're really disassociative or are able to run away from your own mind. (I don't think anybody's ever really succeeded at this and I'm not sure it's worth trying.) Beyond that, it's partially up to you, and partially whatever you've inherited. If you believe or were raised to believe in a vengeful god, you might be worried about his or her judgement. Then there's family and friends and peers and "others". We're often socialized to care about what other people think, and we seem to have some innate system for caring about others a priori, too. The two are interconnected.

But the point is, all of that is negotiable and navigable. Guilt begins when you feel that you have failed your duty– to yourself, to your family, to your peers, to society, to God. All of those things are really ideas, but sometimes ideas are backed up with violent force or threats– ie your parents might expect you to get certain grades or marry somebody of a certain type, and if you don't do it, they might ostracize you, make you feel bad, withhold your inheritance, even be violent towards you, etc etc. Beyond that though, once you get into a position of strength, you get to renegotiate what your duty is– to yourself and to everyone else around you. So I think if you want to deal with guilt issues, that's the sort of framework you have to work with. What is my duty to myself, first and foremost? How do I know if I'm honoring that duty? And then you work your way outwards.

Guilt is an unpleasant feeling, and nobody should feel crippled by guilt to the point where they can't function, can't get anything done, get driven to suicide, or simply live a miserable life. Life is just too short for that.

I find myself feeling very strongly now that I want to make a living as a writer. As a friend pointed out, I'm already doing it, in a sense. But I'm still not "fully self-actualized" yet. What does that mean, what does that look like? What am I taking about? I'm talking about the dream scenario, where I literally get to make a living writing whatever I feel like writing, without having to worry about any considerations other than "is this a piece of writing that deserves to live, that I'm proud of?".

Bunch of thoughts about that:

Nobody owes me such circumstances. They're idealistic but achievable. I'm thinking about people like Neil Gaiman, Chuck Palahniuk, the woman who wrote the Divergent series, and folks like Matthew Inman, Tim Urban, the folks at Crash Course and so on. It's not like wanting to be Bill Gates or Elon Musk. I have relatively modest, acheivable goals.

So what's the path to getting there? Well, I have to keep producing content and putting it out there. Right now I'm still in the middle of this word vomit project. The main intent here is to help me become a better writer. To become even more intimate with the written word than I already am. This project was conceived about 3 years ago, before I had developed more concrete ambitions of being a professional writer. So it's a little underoptimized (but I'm intent on seeing it through anyway, to prove to myself that I can do it, and to build a habit of finishing what I set out to do.)

What would I do differently if I were doing everything from scratch?

Well the first thing I would do is to list out a bunch of conflicts and pain points that I've either encountered or thought about over the years. Then I would attempt to represent them accurately in fiction.

Another thing I would do is simply write fan fiction. There is no shame in that, in fact there's a ready audience and it's no different from doing covers of popular songs. If I wanted to be a professional musician, I would start out by playing other people's songs. Every professional musician alive did the same. That's how we learn and develop, at anything. Imitation, acquisition and so on.

I find myself thinking about the relationship between author and persona, or narrator, or actor and act. I find myself thinking particularly of Louis CK, George Carlin, Russell Brand, Lady Gaga. Before these people could become the 24/7 larger-than-life giants that we know or knew them to be, they had to work on their craft behind the scenes. And I find myself obsessing a little unnecessarily about the difficulty of the transition. Before you can become fully out-and-proud, which is bound to be a little unnerving to loved ones, you have to try it out in contained contexts. When you're on stage. Maybe I ought to go back to doing standup, at least a few more times.

Hmm. Do I want to make a living as a writer? I think it would be nice to be paid to write things that I really believe in, and to be paid so much that I don't need to do anything else. But let's unpackage that.

1. I would like to write things that I really believe in. I haven't even really started with that. What does that look like? I'm currently doing content marketing, and I do "believe in that" in a sense that I think it's helpful and useful to the people I'm doing it for. But it's not what I personally want or need. I'm still, in a sense, a wedding singer. Which isn't a bad thing. The Beatles used to be a cover band in Hamburg.
2. I would like to be paid to write things (that I really believe in). If I just wanted to get paid for writing words, I could be a freelance writer and do content marketing. That would be relatively easy, but I might as well keep my day job because I get to play the meta-games for that, too, which means more $$ and more learning and growth in areas that will be unexpectedly useful for me in other spheres.
3. I want to be paid so much that I don't need to do anything else. I think this is primarily an ego thing. Just this idea that I might be supported economically by the parts of my brain that enjoy doing things that they enjoy for themselves. It's the closest thing to a modern-civilization equivalent of hunting and eating your own food... and choosing exactly what you like, what you want.

I got interrupted while writing this to talk to a friend, and I ended up talking about this with him. I realize that for me to become the writer I want to be, I need to do writing that is in the direction of the writing that I want to read. I've said several times that I want to rewrite certain things. Well, why not start now? Start in bits and pieces? I can do that. And so I'm going to do that. I'm going to make a post titled "rewrite", and list out the things I want to rewrite, and then link those things to posts where I literally rewrite the things that I want to rewrite. And instead of putting it off until I can do it all at once, I'll just publish the most simplistic outlines as quickly as I can– "reverse cauliflower style" (summarize in a sentence, then a paragraph, then a set of points, etc.)

I think that should be interesting. Writing in the "architecting hyperlinks" sense rather than writing paragraphs after paragraphs (like I'm doing with these vomits.)

Before there were widespread public schools, boys were apprentices- and you probably became a man when you finished your initation.

I get the sense that in some ways, masculinity and manhood, in the classical sense, is fundamentally economic. In tribes or nomadic bands, you become a man when you begin to hunt, begin to provide food, become able to provide for a family. A child is fragile (literally). It's a dependent on its hosts, like a parasite. [1]

Modern civilization is interesting. It seems to have been so successful at providing for itself that it doesn't need as many Men (in the economic sense) as before. And this can be a good thing- it allows for the care of the disabled, it allows for the development of art, poetry and so on. [2]

Aside- it's interesting to think about the role of art in difficult times. Lee Kuan Yew was a man who appreciated literature, but when he became Prime Minister of Singapore he insisted that poetry was a luxury that we couldn't afford. I suppose what he meant was that we couldn't afford to spend tax money on it when there were more life-and-death concerns like housing and healthcare.

At the same time I think it's quite well understood that art helps people cope with life. I'm thinking of how LKY read poetry to his wife when she was bedridden, and of that heart-rending rendition of Home by the visiting choir at LKY's wake. And reports of how the first acts of healing following 9/11 were people singing in the streets. Karl Paulnack's speech.

Pause.

I spent some time asking people about their thoughts, mostly along the lines of, when does a boy become a man? There were some joke answers, and some questioning-the-question. I'm well aware that masculinity and manhood are social constructs- I'm not looking for some absolute answer, I'm looking to understand what people think about manhood themselves, whether it be ideas they inherited, reacted against or outright rejected. It's still relevant, since we live amongst people. [3]

I've come to think that manhood is largely about being able to take care of business. Being able to create a structure and a context for yourself, and for the people around you. I know that it's 2016 and there are all these ideas about how "manhood is not about X", "manhood is not about y"– for instance it's supposed to be damaging that we perpetuate ideas like "boys don't cry" or "a man must be physically strong". But when I examine it myself I find myself asking, what is the spirit of those ideas, rather than the letter?

We have the luxury now of being very inclusive, so a lot of older ideas don't seem to make sense anymore– seem needlessly harsh, cruel and so on. But I think those old ideas evolved out of a different time– times of scarcity and hardship. Physical strength absolutely mattered if you needed it in order to make a living, in order to put food on a table. Whatever your social justice politics or beliefs, you wouldn't marry or advise someone you cared about to marry a physically weak person if that meant (as it must've been centuries or millenia ago) that you were probably going to starve. Even the very idea of love and romance is quite a luxury, in a sense.

It's not too difficult to imagine how it might all go to hell really quickly. It just takes some devestating circumstances– war, disease, pestilence, floods. Once people don't know where their next meal is going to come from, the resulting anarchy will almost definitely revert to more straightforward, conventional heirarchies of power.

But of course, that's not why I asked this question. A modern collapse of civilization is an interesting thought experiment, but the selfish reason I explored that idea was to make sense of my own value as a person. People will say nice-sounding things like "everybody is valuable"– sure, each human life is a universe by itself, but that doesn't make everyone valuable. There are economic realities that we live in. It's a little frustrating when they don't get properly acknowledged or discussed, but that itself is the reality of the meta-game to that question.

Ultimately, manhood involves knowing when to break the rules, how to look out for yourself, how to take care of yourself and of others– and that includes your own emotional state, and that in turn means crying when necessary.

[1] Only I guess parasites are unwelcome, while we're wired to love and want children to pass our genes on to or something.

[2] Though that's definitely reductive. Art predates agriculture and industrialization. And I believe in the earlier days artists were supported by wealthy patrons. It was also a way to make a living.

[3] Hell, even in the hard sciences– a thing might be objectively true in terms of science, yet not be recognized as valid until PEOPLE deem it so. So as long as we live amongst people, as people, social constructs are relevant and significant and worth understanding.

I don't want to delve too deep into the meta-analysis- the objective of this whole pursuit is to better understand and appreciate the relationship I have with myself and my own self-identified. It is enough to realize that all of this is social construction, while also recognizing that as social beings we live within social constructs.

So a thing can be a social construct AND still be valid. In fact, you could go so far as to say that almost everything outside of hard sciences derives its validity from social constructs.
The biggest highlight of my year I think was the decision to convert my home's master bedroom into a gym, with a squat cage, barbell, weights, a bench and floor mats. I bought them about 8 weeks ago, and I've improved my squats (around 40-50kg to 80kg yesterday) and bench press (40kg to 65kg) significantly. [1] This fundamental increase in physical strength has been a powerful learning experience for me. Even "learning" isn't quite the right word. It's know just about knowing how to do something. It's about being able to believe in new possibilities. I think that was my real limiting factor. I now need to channel the lessons from that experience to the rest of my life, especially my work.

Another good experience has been deciding to open up my company blog to freelance writers. It gives me some ownership over the work of others, which is a nice privilege and responsibility that forces me to clarify my own principles.

I've also finally developed a GTD system that works for me- a mix of workflowy and trello. It's really just a list of lists and a system of moving post-its from left to right (done), but it works well and I'm happy to have it.

I've met a couple of friends for coffee or dinner here and there, and it's almost always been a good experience. My regret is that I feel like I haven't done it enough. If I died at the end of the year, that would probably be my biggest regret- that I didn't take more time to spend with friends.

I suppose my reasoning there is- I spent a lot of my teenage days just lounging and loafing with a bunch of people who were also just lounging and loafing with me (at least while I was with them- perhaps they were doing other things when I wasn't around). And it was fun for a while but eventually became a huge waste of time. And I suppose I've been trying to live in a deliberately opposite manner- immersing myself in work, and refusing to loaf with my friends.

But once I write it down it's clearly over-simplistic. My effectiveness at work is not purely a function of how much time I spend on it. There are diminishing returns past a certain point. I can be more effective at work by being decisive and focused. It's almost like I'm just punishing myself by spending as much time on work tasks as possible, while getting just a passable amount of work done. And then I don't have much real time for myself left over, and I feel like that's my "punishment" or penance or something. My silly brain seems to think that I'll be somehow rewarded or acknowledged for "making sacrifices". But it's not actually a real sacrifice. A better way exists. I can have the best of both worlds, I just need to be better to myself. The rules of the game are different from the silly rules of school and family. Work done is the measure, not time spent. And if I make myself a priority and carve out time for myself to have stress-free, guilt-free fun, then I can return to work with happiness and joy rather than a foreboding sense of obligation and duty, only tolerated because it's better than being a worthless bum.

Also, it's not like any of my friends are particularly interested in loafing any more, at least the way we used to. Times have changed. Our lives have changed. We've grown older. We have responsibilities now. A night out (or in) with friends is no longer about naughty escapism (and it wasn't always that, anyway). Now it's about sharing precious warmth and love, which we could all probably use a little more of. We can better trust ourselves now to be sensible, to know when to call it a night, to get back into the grind. We don't have to keep beating ourselves up for the sins of our ignorant youth.

So the next steps there are to schedule more regular meet ups next year with the people I love. More dates with the wife.

Did I do a decent amount of writing? My experience is colored by the last few weeks, wherein I haven't written a lot. But I I do know that July this year was when I was most disciplined about my writing habit. So that's good, I should try to do that more next year.

Well it's been slightly over a month since the end of the year. I feel like I still haven't fully gotten down to business. I've been cleaning stuff out, more than I usually do (which adds more credence to this idea of annual rhythms and so on). That should clear my head more for the work I have ahead of me. I've also been meeting people more frequently, because I realize that I didn't do that as much as I wanted to in the previous 3 years. I did feel like I had to "detach" or "go monk" for a while, and I did, and I feel like I'm done with that now. I'm now looking to meet people roughly once or twice a week for lunch or dinner, or drinks afterwards, and it's proving to be quite a pleasant experience so far. I'd like to keep that up. I'd also like to keep getting stronger with my lifts, and I'd like to keep working out.

The title of the post was originally "happiness and self-actualization". It no longer accurately describes this post so I'm going to change it. I'll write that post separately.

[1] I haven't been doing a lot of deadlifts yet, or much of anything else. This will change.
I want to reflect on this for a while. Lemmy's death triggers several different thoughts for me.

1. I'm getting older myself. I'm 25 going on 26, I am not a child or a teenager or even a "young adult" any more. This is it, this is full-contact adulthood. It definitely feels like I wasn't adequately prepared for this, but it's also clear that hardly anybody is, and that being bitter about this fact achieves nothing.

2. This is not a practice life. This is not a rehearsal, this is not a drill. This is IT. The real thing. We're live. Everything we've experienced and done do far, that's our history. We can't change that. Everything we do today and tomorrow will echo and resonate through us for the remainder of our days.

It is a tremendous responsibility, managing yourself. Avoiding it doesn't make it go away. So live into it. Don't leave it up to chance and circumstance.

3. There are already several if not many regrets, mistakes, fuckups. There will definitely be more, and we will have to face that.

That said, we owe it to ourselves and our circumstances to reduce the avoidable ones, and to navigate the remaining ones as best as we can.

After all, it would be a little disappointing, wasteful, boring if we reach the end of our lives making the same mistakes over and over. If nothing else, life is an opportunity to play and experiment, to learn and grow. Stasis is itself a kind of death. Let's not die before we're dead.

4. So much of life is trivial, yet our experience of reality is utterly dominated by a small number of non-trivial events. And people inevitably express regret at under-preparing, under-anticipating and under-estimating the non-trivial. We've made a lot of mistakes but let's not make this one, not where it counts the most.

If we want a quality life, however we define that, we have to focus on quality thoughts, build quality relationships with quality people, do quality things and so on. A 25 year old man has no excuse for not knowing what he wants, for not having a vision of what a good life means to him, for not having a plan to enact and realize that vision to the best of his capability. The bulk of his resources (time, energy, focus, capital) should be devoted towards building himself the life that he desires.

What are the usual excuses?

I don't know what to do: Find out.

I don't know where to find out: Google it. Ask friends, peers, mentors.

I don't have any quality peers: Find them.

I don't know how: Find out.

I'm overwhelmed: Start with the simplest basics. Breathe. List out your
problems. Pick the most painful one. Break it down into smaller steps. Pick the most important one. Solve it. Move to the next step.

I'm scared: So's everybody else. Face your fear and do it anyway.

I'm tired: Put everything away and rest, fully. Exercise. Eat. Hydrate.

I don't know how to exercise or what to eat: Find out.

I have bad habits: Destroy them.

I don't know how: Find out. Every habit is simply a pattern of behavior. There's a cue, there's a response, there's a reward. Map out your bad habit- what triggers it? What do you do? Why do you do it? Find alternative ways of dealing with it. If you relapse, don't be childish about it. It's a new data point for you to learn from.

I'm not strong enough: Get stronger. Exercise. Do a little more than you did the last time. Everybody can do one more pushup than they last did, lift more weight off the ground than they last did. Being able to do that helps you internalize the powerful idea that you can grow and become stronger, doing things you couldn't do before. That's the beauty of life.

I'm lonely: Find people. Don't make it all about yourself. There are other people who need help. Adopt a dog. Dogs love you unconditionally. Volunteer.

I'm anxious: Meditate. Exercise.

I don't believe I can do it: Write down what you believe you can and cannot do. Then evaluate those beliefs and ask why that belief exists. What is the basis of that belief? What is its history? You weren't born with limiting beliefs. You learned and inherited them. And more often than not, those beliefs were thrust upon you by people and circumstances who don't have your best interests in mind, or have a misconstrued idea about your best interests.

I'm spread too thin: Eliminate the non-essential.

But life would be painful without my [games/social media/porn]: Yes. Life is painful. If you want to be more and do more, you'll have to tolerate pain. You can handle a lot more pain than you think, you just need a good reason to. Which brings us back to the importance of having a clear vision of what you want.

Consider young children who cry because of a little discomfort, or because they don't get what they want. Or imagine a young teenager heartbroken over their crush snubbing them. Those things can seem laughably trivial to adults, but to those littler, less-developed humans, the pain is all-consuming, unmanageable. How do they grow out of it? The stimuli doesn't change. Their response to it does. Their attitude towards it does. Their belief system around it does.

Adults don't cry ugly, screaming tears when they don't get what they want because they recognize that reality doesn't owe them anything. (And also because they've learnt to be considerate of other people, who have their own problems to worry about.)
But for the time being, we're stuck here on this Earth. Some cool people are working on getting us to Mars. Some cool people have written about all sorts of possibilities and we have begun to realize them.

Zooming back. People. We are social creatures, we don't live alone. We live in groups. We pass thoughts and ideas from mind to mind through elaborate systems of gestures, vocalizations, squiggles. We used to live in smaller groups, but have been progressively expanding them. Today we have mega-cities with millions of people. We have not yet learnt to see ourselves as part of a single human family. We are still squabbling, killing each other over all sorts of trivial nonsense. But it's not trivial to the killers- it's of crucial, critical importance. People are consumed with hate and pain and rage, often understandably so considering their starting conditions, considering the terrible fates they inherited.

You only ever need to step into a children's hospital to realize that life is cruel and unfair.

I've been thinking lately that there are two extreme ends or positions that a person can take with regards to the world- both a little simplistic. One is a position of unconditional love towards all things- probably best embodied by the Dalai Lama or Pope Francis. A position of service and kindness and grace.

The other is a sort of fundamental contempt for incompetence, weakness, bullshit. [1]

It seems likely that both of these positions will have to coexist. They seem to contradict each other, but that's probably because I'm being vague to a degree I do not realize. It seems like a case of "love the sinner, hate the sin". But then sometimes it does seem like the sin can be so consuming that the sinner is an unrecognizable shell.

Zooming out. The point is that humanity is a teeming, writhing mass, messy and chaotic, bristling at the edges. In the civilization centers, things can seem calm, smooth, predictable, reliable. It's simultaneously the best and worst thing we can conceive of. We're all we know. Which is kinda limited.

Humanity requires energy to survive. As individuals we need food to eat, at the most basic level. To maintain our civilizations and standards of living, we need a lot more. We need electricity, we need power. For that we largely burn fossil fuels. We'll need to eventually move to solar power, which is the primary source from which everything actually originates. Fossil fuels are compressed organic material from living things that were either plants themselves or animals that fed on plants– and plants themselves. All life on Earth is sustained by solar energy. Some people are working on this. Some people are working against this. It gets very complex because of all the extensive histories of all the agents and all the nuances of politics and whatnot.

So... what do we do? What are we here for? I live on an island city-state called Singapore, which is a tiny minnow in the grand scheme of things– 0.07% of the global population. It's a full-time job just staying afloat, and to use the tiny influence we have to keep the region and world around us stable enough so that we can continue to survive.

There is a lot of poverty and pain and suffering in the world, a lot of injustice, a lot of cruelty and unfairness. It would be nice to see the world make progress on this. At the same time, it also feels like an intractable, insoluble problem– like there's always going to be more no matter how much you do. The parable of the starfish on the beach comes to mind. I suppose ultimately we justify our actions within the greater context of the fact that we're all going to die and that life is fundamentally meaningless. If we decide that we want to believe that something is meaningful, then we do that.

I also have come to think that it probably makes more sense to focus on the problems that we CAN measureably solve and make a difference to, than to flail wildly at problems that we can't do much about. It seems like there's a sort of ladder here– you begin by solving problems for yourself and creating a superstructure around you that allows you to take care of business for yourself and then some, and then you use that additional capacity to take care of things beyond yourself– and you keep scaling that, keep doing more. That's one way of living a life. Another is to just let it all go and to engage each thing as it comes, which has a rather zen quality about it. Which yields greater peace? It depends on your own mental model of what you respect.

Either way, wringing one's hands or feeling sorry for oneself doesn't achieve much. You can do that for a few minutes a day, then you gotta be a gangster. And do what is objectively the best you can do, and then strive to do better. That's the most anybody can ask.

[1] It would be interesting to hear what the Pope and Dalai Lama have to say about those things, about their experiences with those things. They seem to always be cheerful and good natured, but are they? Do they have their doubts? Have they experienced the dark night of the soul, their own inner despair? I'm sure they have; I can't imagine that not being the case.

If I know what to do, and I'm not doing it, do I really know what to do? What are the things that stop a person from doing what they need to do? When I'm down, I tend to question myself and my motivations, and suspect that I'm a fraud. When I'm up, I know that this isn't true– I know in my bones that I do really care about things.

So, if I do really know that I do really care about things (that is, the feeling is real), then there's still a gap between the feeling and the action. The main thing that's kind of hard to acknowledge and admit is that the conscious mind might not have much to do with it.

A couple of vomits ago I wrote about how insects fly into flames, and humans stay in destructive relationships or stick to habits that are destructive. The reasons are probably similar– in both cases, we're probably following an internal logic or an internal set of instructions that might have worked for us in some way before. Whatever the case. It's a bug, and the conscious mind isn't very good at dealing with bugs that might be operating below the level of consciousness. I know i'm being iffy about the precise neuroscience, but that seems to be roughly what's going on.

This is basically the central challenge or conflict of my life. Growing up. Killing the person I used to be in order to become the person I want to be right now. Definitely a very repeated motif. I think I've made some progress, and I think there's some truth to the idea that when you want to progress to a new state, there's a period of time that there will be relapses into the old state– often multiple relapses– and you have to integrate that into your developmental process. I think I'm doing okay. But I also think I can be doing better, and I want to do better.

Okay. Lots of repetition going on here. But what is it that I wanted to get at?

I wanted to go through the common causes and frustrations that I experience when trying to make this transition, and figure out what I need to do or say or think in order to get through it faster. The challenge is not to never fall, but to be able to bounce back from falling as quickly as possible.

I listed 4 possible problems, and maybe there are more.

1. I'm tired.
2. I'm weak.
3. I'm scared.
4. I don't know how.

I suppose they should map quite nicely onto the procrastination equation– value, expectancy, impulsiveness, delay. Huh. I guess I'm tired and I'm weak are similar. And I didn't account for delay or value. Let's start over.

I don't really care, I don't really think I can do it (weak, scared), It doesn't really feel urgent, and I'm distracted (tired?).

The meta-challenge for me has been that I understand these things intellectually but I still haven't fully internalized them into my day-to-day functioning. A simple idea is this– if a task isn't made very precise, it doesn't get done. I constantly postpone this.

(continued 9 feb 2016)

This still remains one of the core challenges in my life– perhaps THE core challenge. It also overlaps with something else I've been thinking about, which is my interface with the world. I was thinking about that in the context of the "greater world" – other people, big problems, opportunities, etc. But this is about my interface with the world that's directly in front of my face. My problems. My responsibilities. How do I interface with these things? What is broken about this interface? How do I improve it?

The way to improve weakness is to do strength training. At the most basic level I've come to believe that physical exercise is key. I've been making progress on this over the past 3 months by lifting weights. That forces me to rest better, to eat more, and it also has taught me the very real belief that if I work at my limits, and then rest and recuperate, my limits expand and I can do more than I had done before. That's something that's easy to appreciate intellectually but intellectual appreciation is insufficient. You really need to KNOW it in your bones, know-by-doing.

Tiredness is resolved with rest. What stops me from resting? Why don't I rest enough? I have this flawed sense that I haven't done enough, and that I need to repent for my sins of ignorance and avoidance by working through my tiredness. But that is damaging– the work you do when tired is shoddy and requires double-work to fix. And it's demoralizing and frustrating, and you're prone to "injury". Better to rest and start over fresh whenever possible. So this turns out to be a sort of moral problem, a failure of imagination or a misconception of the cause-and-effect relationships at the heart of it. If you're tired, and you can afford to rest, you must rest. The question is, how do you know if you can really afford to rest? Well... unless you're literally at war and people's lives or livelihoods are on the line, rest is almost always a superior option. That should be the default setting. I suppose before that you also need to recognize when you're tired, as opposed to pretending that it's not the case, or just ignoring it. This requires constant, regular check-ins with yourself to pay attention to your state.

Then we're left with fear and ignorance. How to do deal with fear? The fear never goes away. As I've mentioned before, there's the crippling fear of catastrophic failure, and the fear of not getting it right. It's okay to not get it right as long as you avoid catastrophic failure. And avoiding catastrophic failure is fairly easy– there are usually just a few basic things to watch out for. Writing these things down on paper makes them less scary than when they're in the fog of the mind. When you're afraid, write down the worst case scenario.

Ignorance? When you don't know how to do something? We have Google these days.

My problems aren't really problems.

So I've made it through another year. Not bad. It's probably been legitimately the best year of my life so far, though I'm not feeling particularly thrilled. I think because I haven't yet achieved some good stretch goals. I could've read more. Watched more good movies. Met more friends. Been more effective at work. [1]

Thinking about death. I'm often conscious of the possibility that I might not get to live as long as I'd like to. Wishful thinking makes me hope I'll live to 110, but it's entirely possible that I won't make it past the next year, or decade. I wonder if there's an actual probability to be put on that.

What do I want to do before I die? I used to have loftier ambitions- to achieve some sort of superstardom, some sort of great success. To leave a massive legacy that's valuable to others. That would still be nice, but I've come to think that that's a sort of ecapist, deferential sort of thinking.

It's important to be happy with your life in the present moment because that's the only moment you have. The past and the future factor into the present, so it's tough to fully enjoy something if you know it has nasty consequences. The dark playground gets less and less viable as I accumulate more experience and evidence that unearned play is unsatisfying, that postponed work becomes more unhealthy-stressful at an exponential rate.

So in 2016 I'd like to minimize the amount of time I spend idling in the dark playground. If I don't feel up to doing work, I should take a conscientious break and just rest, meditate, exercise, relax. But I shouldn't be playing games or surfing the web mildlessly, looking for some drama to get involved in. In 2016 I need to be much more selective about the drama I opt into. I need to be more proactive about learning the skills and acquiring the knowledge that I'll need in order to realize my desired end-states.

Spending less time in the dark playground and more time being proactive both are grounded in similar desires- a desire for less unnecessary guilt, stress, frustration, anxiety. I have been suffering needlessly from a background radiation of guilt/stress/anxiety ever since I started schooling, and now that I'm a relatively responsible working adult I'd like to be rid of it. I'd like to witness what it's like to wake up in the morning and not feel like I'm playing catch up with my life.

In 2016 I want to worry even less about the opinions and concerns of others. I'd like to get to know myself even better, to have more frequent conversations with myself because I am the most important person in my life. The problem of opportunity cost and limited resources means that I have to assertively say no to many things in order to get the few things that I really want.

I've definitely already spent some time in the dark playground. I don't think it's a crippling, shocking, horrible amount, but it's more than I'd like. But the good thing maybe is that I'm not overcome with guilt about it. Really, it's more of... okay, that's what's happened, and I need to make up for it now. I have an obligation and duty to myself to write and publish word vomits, and I'm doing that. I have a duty to my spouse to make time for our marriage, and I have been doing that. I have a duty to the organization that employs me to do good work, and I intend to do that– I'll be doing more work after I wake up tomorrow, and I'll continue to review and improve what I'm doing.

I do think it's fair to say that 2015 was the best year of my life. My challenge for myself now is to make 2016 the NEW best year of my life, and idealistically, to continue to be able to say that for myself year after year with each passing year. That's a lofty goal but it should be achievable with diligence and reflection– skills that I want to develop.

I've been meeting more people and I like that. This is the year that I want to spend building relationships with new people who I want to invite to the table of my life. The earlier I do this the better, because relationships definitely benefit from having long lives (all else held constant). It's good to know people for a long period of time, through shifting circumstances.

What else do I want to think about in terms of annual time scales? I guess information diets– I want to read good things, watch good movies and shows. I want to start writing short stories of my own. Can I commit to a specific amount? Can I do 50 or 100 short stories in a year? If I incorporate them into these word vomits, then maybe. It would be two birds with one stone. But I worry that that might be a little premature. I'm adding it to my list, and then I'll see how I feel about it week after week.

So the recurring theme seems to be that if I want to grow, and make "gains" in my life, the fastest and best way to do that is simply to reflect a lot more. To get back on the wagon after I've fallen off. To limit the amount of time that I feel sorry for myself and bounce back into performing well, taking care of business, getting shit done. To ship things faster, and to ship more things. I think I can do it. It'll be better done than said.

[1] I am aware that this will always be the case to some degree. But the point is that there are many degrees, and I'm not satisfied with the degree that I currently inhabit. I feel like I'm at about 30%. I'll be happier at about 80%.
This weekend wasn't as productive as I was hoping it was going to be. That's interesting– Why do I say hoping? What does hope have to do with it? "Hoping" suggests that I leave it up to randomness or chance, that I don't take control. I need to hope less and design more, schedule more. On the plus side, I did break some lifting PRs– Bench 1RM of 70kg, squat 1RM of 82.5kg, 5RM of 62.5kg. That felt good. And then I ate pizza afterwards. Score!

Last Friday I had a pretty good conversation with a few colleagues over coffee, and revisited some old ideas about mental software, models of reality, the language that we use to speak to ourselves. How words like "big", "great", "important", "meaningful", "best" and so on can be poisonously loaded. How we ought to take the time to be very, very clear about our desired end-states.
What are mine? I've tried thinking about this several times, but it still feels like I haven't really scratched very far beyond the surface. (That said, while the feeling is consistent, I do believe I've made progress and discarded many 'outer layers'. So I'm always scratching at the surface of the next level.)

I was thinking also about how... after re-reading an old Superman comic (where he spends all day trying to save a single suicidal girl, which is definitely not the most optimal thing Superman could be doing with 24 hrs) and thinking about several other recent slice-of-life comics I've read recently... that a lot of life is definitely about recalibrating expectations. About knowing that your expectations will be recalibrated for you. That the payoffs you you think you're going to get are less likely to materialize than you think, and even IF they did, they're likely to be less rewarding than you think. And you're going to have to be okay with that, or you're in for a miserable time.

I mean, it's neither right nor wrong to want to be a Great Man Of History. But the question is, why? Is that really a good or healthy target to have? Why is that a desired end-state to begin with? The assumption I think is that it's a sort of Sinatra Test. (If I can make it in NYC, I can make it anywhere. If I can be a Great Man Of History, I must have lived a good life.) But why allow your happiness to be held hostage by something that will involve so much luck and serendipity and randomness? There are GMOH who weren't happy, and non-GMOH people who are. Supposing being a happy GMOH is out of the question (since that's perfect-optimal), what would I settle for? Would I rather be happy but not Great, or Great but not happy?

We'd have to dig into what happy means. And I think it gets cylic because part of what makes me happy is the idea that I've achieved something. Why? What's so great about achievement? All achivements will fade away in the end. Remember Ozymandias. Remember the heat death of the Universe. Glory and legacy are, in the grand scheme of things, as transient as rainbows.
So I think if I have to choose between working hard at a legacy that I may not realize, and will not be around to enjoy, and being happy in the present moment, moment by moment, I will pick the latter.

The knee-jerk reaction I get then is, so why not just become fully hedonistic, eat junk food, smoke cigarettes, live fast? That's because the "now" is a pretty long now. If I had just one day to live, sure. Give me all the junk and all the drugs. But I expect to live for, say, at least 5-10 more years. And hopefully another 10 more years after that, and so on. This is where things start to get a little blurry because I'm bad at making long term plans, and they never seem real. Hell, I struggle with deadlines because I tend to put them off until the last minute. But I can't afford to do that with this. Death is something I intend to overprepare for.

Uh. So what then? What was the legacy I was hoping for? I suppose I've always thought that if I have any shot at being "legendary" at anything, it would be at being a writer. Not in my current form, of course. But after say another 50, 60, 70 years of practice. I don't intend to stop. I intend to keep getting better. How great can an individual get? Where should you set your target? Well. What was Shakespeare's attitude towards his writing? What about Homer? Marcus Aurelius? Voltaire? I guess I get the sense that these people weren't too obsessed with trying to enter some sort of great list, they were just doing their best at doing what they thought was good, what was right. And as I think Aurelius put it, not even the Gods can ask more of you.

But yeah, so. I want to be the best writer I can possibly be. I want to stop worrying about my legacy or prestige or anything like that, and focus instead on writing every day, on continuing to get better, on dissecting what I've done. I was going through my workflowy earlier and realized that there's so much rewriting work I have to do with my older word vomits. I'm almost avoiding it subconsciously because I know that it's going to be a tedious and frustrating experience. But I got to embrace the suck. This is the one thing that I know for certain I'm going to be more-than-willing than 99% of people to do– to go over things over and over and over until they're tidy, pretty, beautiful. I'ma gonna do just that.

But that's just the writing bit, though. There is so much more I need to explore and expand on (and subsequently compress) about my desired ends. With writing, though, I guess for now it's volume. And then it's rewriting, and compression. And I need to be making progress on that practically every day, so I don't fall into the lulls.

there’s a relationship between the ‘power’ of a god and how/why people believe in it (consider how greek myths are fairy tales now, but people kill over X today– what makes a religion decay?)
why did people believe what they believe?
what are the contexts that shaped those beliefs?
how do the beliefs change when the contexts change?
what do we believe now?

Being born into modern civilisation means beginning  in the middle of a story, like a dream. night colors sound sugar supermarkets subways radio tv smartphones wifi bluetooth imax films snapchat emojis concerts festivals clubs sensory overload tinder supernormal stimuli.

return to a village. dusty dirt trails goats cows chickens dogs fish and meet sold in the open flies everywhere. blazing sun, dust in your eyes and mouth everywhere. the water isn’t clean enough to wash it off.

nature was the first god; the sun and the moon. in the absence of artificial light the moon is a gleaming orb of mystical beauty. soundtrack of insects and animals. sunrises and sunsets are spectacular. darkness is incredibly prohibitive. lightning is terrifying, literally AWEsome with a capital A.

Temples start to make sense in such a context. The promethean power of fire is easy to forget in modern contexts, modern life. It is at the heart of religious ceremonies (and barbecues). Light and color, music and spectacles. The moon would’ve actually affected people’s behaviour and lives back then. Modern loose corollary might be wifi and battery life. Power sockets. In a sense, these are our idols now– we beg and pray for them to bestow connectivity to us.

Electricity. Mud huts, attar huts, bricks, wells. My grandfather’s village lies on a point between the past and the present. The local temple is the village equivalent of times square. Massive chariot for people to carry the stone idols of their gods around the city.

(The bible was the first mainstream book).

Shops selling shoes and clothes are a huge deal. (McDonald’s was once a status symbol, kind of the way hipster cafes might be today…?)

Bollywood movies make much more sense once you’ve lived in an indian village. Colours and dance.

Constant smell of dust and dung, dingy drains and dirty dogs. Where would you start cleaning up? it isn’t dirty or disgusting to them, it’s simply how life is. And in a sense we are the paranoid ones, antiseptic and alien, fat from sugar, muscles atrophied, bodies bent over desks. Old indian ladies carry heavy loads on their spines, backs strong and taut.

Barefoot children playing in the streets. India is too big to be orderly at our present levels of technology, and in any realistically imaginable sense. (That said, tech evolves faster than the magic of our imaginations… so I’m not going to write off our imagination.) Orderliness is a sort of OCD-ish game that some of us play, that most people in the world actually don’t have time to bother with. Dodging goats and chickens on the way to work or school, hardly anybody wears a helmet. In the news, people are murdered and kidnapped and raped and horrible things happen all the time, such is the law of large numbers.

But technology has found its way into these spaces. It’s always tempting and easy to talk about these places as backwards and/or lacking, but they’re hackers. They improvise. They meddle and tinker and repair. They crowd around lights at night. Their vehicles often play music when reversing, and are colourfully decorated. Houses are painted in delightful shades of teal, pink, green and so on. Gold jewellery. WhatsApp on TV.

Kumar, 21, drives, climbs things. Knows his fruits and berries, knows a tailor, knows his town inside out. He is a master of his domain to a degree that I am not a master of mine; my spaces have been created for me to a much greater degree than his.

Food place– some are remarkably clean, workers are polite and attentive, dressed sharply.

Long dusty roads. I know there are intellectuals, rock musicians, poets, dancers, yogis, terrible things like rapists, yet mathematicians and rocket scientists and and ganja-smokin sadhus.

(Suddenly remembered the game Breath of fire– Gods get their power from people who believe in them. Wifi router as the modern altar).

Things get bigger, louder, shinier, more addictive than our old gods which now seem primitive and quaint in comparison. A comic book hero like superman can challenge and inspire us with the complexities of modern life, in a way that the ancient gods aren’t quite able to adopt to.

(add more about TV, HBO movies, radio, the experience of indian cinema)

What about the huge temples? Tirupathi’s Venkateswara, Rameswaram’s 24 Wells, Madurai’s Meenakshi (SO FUCKING EPIC. Makes the biggest temples in Singapore look like tiny shrines. Holy shit. Hundreds (thousands?!) of years old, 64 kings passing the baton from one to another. Elaborate systems emerge and assemble to manage throngs of people, funnelled along like electrons in a circuit, cells in a greater body, reverberating and echoing through the hallowed halls.

Our gods are a function of the loving, fearful attention we pay to them, and that in turn is a function of the technology and context that we are born into and operate in. No matter how hard I try to grasp for God, my search will never yield to me what God meant (and continues to mean) to villagers and xyz peeps.

In a sense, loosely sketching, we are the gods now. Or to be more precise, the relationship between man and “God” has changed, where “God” represents everything that man is not. Nature. Power. The infinite. The unknown. The sun and moon aren’t worshipped so much anymore these days, and Zeus and his lightning bolts are managed with an understanding of electromagnetism, conducting rods and so on. It’s telling– when do we fall to our knees and pray, in the modern world? When we’re confronted with immeasurable pain, sadness, grief, anguish. Suffering.

Gods have been forgotten and gods will continue to be forgotten, but as long as the infinite and unknown feature in our lives, gods will continue to be enshrined and lovingly tended to.
The time is 330am. I got in bed at midnight. I'm not sure if I fell asleep at any point, but it was 2am when I found myself struggling to sleep and decided to grab my laptop and do some writing. I spent some time on Reddit, which I found actually quite interesting (reading about Men in Black, and about wealthy kids) rather than wasteful. Then opened up my Evernote, encountered some thoughts from my trip in India, and read up about American roads for a while. (I'm still pretty curious about how roads developed alongside humanity as a species. Which were the most used roads, how have those changed over time, and so on.)

Anyway, hello word processor, my old friend, I've come to talk with you again. It feels like the past month or so has been a little rough. And I'm wondering if you could help me contextualize all of that. What's the correct lens for me to look at all of this through?

I've been sick for a week, which probably has made me more demoralized and morose than I'd typically be in this situation. I observe myself thinking, "It sucks when you want to get things done but your body isn't cooperating." I wonder if that's actually true, though. Would I have gotten more done if I weren't sick, or would I simply have done the bare minimum, as I often do? Well... I think I have enough experience with myself by now to say that I don't exactly set out to do the bare minimum– sometimes I go above and beyond the call of duty, sometimes I inadvertently do less than I should, and get burned for it. This is still a seemingly-perpetual weakness for me, and in my moment of illness and frustration I wonder if I'll ever overcome it, if I'll ever outgrow it, or if it'll just get worse and worse until I die.

Well, I squatted 90kg a few days ago. That counts for something. That felt good. If I can break that limit, I can surely break others. I'm grateful for that. I'd also be grateful if I had written more by now– though to be fair, this is already way more than I think I had conceived of. I've been reading old vomits, and somewhere around 0240 I wrote that I was writing without knowing what I was doing, without knowing what I had to say, but I was going to say it anyway with the hope that it would give Future Me (that's me right now) more context, so that I wouldn't have to suffer and struggle as much as Past Me did. And for that I am genuinely touched and grateful. I forgot I did that. It's very interesting to be able to have that dynamic with yourself.

In fact I think that's almost all that matters. Or it's at least the first thing that matters. If I can't be proud of myself, there's no point in me trying to get anybody else to be proud of me. I need to earn my own respect, be kind to myself, be my own cheerleader. And I can be my own Fastball Special.

I guess this is the recalibration phase of my life. I'm 25 and I realize I'm probably never going to be holy-shit-amazing on an international scale. I do still think it's possible, and that's a possibility worth living into. But I have to make arrangements in my mind to realize that I will have to learn to be happy even if I never make any progress, if I never get what I want.

The thing though is to keep trying. To keep regrouping. To keep revising. So many success stories involve people toiling for decades without much to show for it. This was really just my first decade, and it wasn't even a well-aligned, coherent sort of decade. Hell. I've only been an "independent man" for about 3 years. I've only been working out (heavy squats) for about 3-4 months. I'm constantly learning about new limitations and whatever, and constantly feeling overwhelmed, but I'm going to learn to navigate that.

I'm not sure if there's anything in particular I want to say to anybody out there in the world. The most I can do is write for myself. What do I want to say to me tomorrow? It's going to take me all of my effort to psyche my future self up. But that's going to be worth it, so I'm going to do it. I want to say, don't give up. It's going to be hard and painful and boring and stressful and overwhelming, and all of those things in writing are never quite as much of a mindfuck as they are in reality. What you're experiencing is the malaise that takes perfectly good teenagers and turns them into really grumpy, disdainful, worn out adults. We must rediscover what it is that gives us joy and glee. Life is fleeting but it doesn't have to be bleak. We will rediscover laughter. We will rediscover awe and learning. There is more behind the curtain. There is ALWAYS more behind the curtain.

Just keep doing the work. You build the house brick by boring brick. Just keep laying the bricks. Just keep swimming. Keep putting down one foot in front of the other. Take breaks as necessary and regroup. But don't give up. Don't quit. When you get tired, go back to the larger vision. What's the larger vision? That I'm going to become "legit". That I'm going to expand myself into somebody that can handle the challenges that are thrown at me. I can grow into my own idealized embodiment of masculinity and own it and feel great about it. It's not going to be perfect 24/7 but I think it's going to be more good than bad. That's all I'm asking for– more good than bad. But the universe doesn't care. It gives most people in the world more bad than good, it seems.

I need to refactor my perception.
It's 11:47pm on a Monday night. I just got home after a long day at work and an art showcase I visited with my colleague / co-founder. I didn't really get very much sleep last night, and I'm hoping that I get some good quality sleep tonight at least. I'm hoping to write a word vomit or two before I turn in, because I realize that writing makes me happy, having written makes me happy, and not writing for an extended period of time makes me feel tired, dreary, stuck, grim, morose, even depressed. So I need to revise my mental model of what writing means to me. It isn't just a passion or a project. It's a way of cleansing myself. Clearing my mind. It's a form of survival.

Earlier on Twitter, I semi-joked in response to someone else that "the difference between wants and needs is this– a need, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away". Paraphrasing Phillip K Dick's point about reality (what doesn't go away when you stop believing in it). And I realize... when I spend time not writing, I get really miserable. I get tense and tight and just generally unpleasant. So I should write daily, I should write all the time, and I shouldn't give a shit about whether or not the writing is actually going anywhere.

I think that's where I often get stuck. I pile expectations upon myself. I expect the writing to be good, to be moving, to be somehow insightful and worldchanging. But not every piece of writing needs to be that. Sometimes writing needs to carry you from one checkpoint to the next, sometimes you just need to pour dirty water out of the firehose before you get to the good stuff. That was one of my starting principles when I first started doing these word vomits, something that got a little muddied and lost along the way when I picked up more responsibilities and obligations.

But writing is joy. Writing is cleansing. Writing sets me free. I need to constantly ruminate on this, and bring myself back to this. I have loads of obligations as it is, but I need to be constantly making progress on my first obligation to myself as a maker of things (in this case word vomits). If the number on the word vomit counter has been stuck for a few days, I start fidgeting.

Well, we've got half the vomit left. How do we improve on what we've got in this vomit? Well the question is not so much "is writing good" or "should I write", but WHY do I repeatedly forget, and WHY do I repeatedly allow it to slip, and how do I make it easier for me to jump back on the wagon and keep this thing going so that I can finish it (the word vomits) more quickly?

The instinctive response is "the habit is sorta weak". I have a generalized habit where I do it every so often, but I don't have a super strong habit where I churn out vomits day after day for weeks on end. In fact I still haven't been able to write vomits every day for a month yet– this has eluded me. My next opportunity to do this will be in April. The last time I almost did it was last July. There's clearly something here. If I want to take this to the next level I need to increase the frequency.

I'm thinking now about my experience as a walker. Literally, as a person going on walks. I like to think that I'm reasonably fit, but I'm not as fit as I imagine. I can comfortably walk for maybe 5km or so, but beyond that things start getting a little dicey. My feet start to hurt. My skin starts to chafe. I need to be wearing shoes rather than slippers, because at that point the slipper straps start cutting into my skin.

Which I find interesting. I remember when I was in Bangkok with the wife, we used to walk long-ish distances almost everyday. I think we averaged 7-10km per day, maybe. And I burned off quite a bit of fat from all that, so much so that I could make out my abs in the mirror. As a working adult, I spend most of my time sitting in chair. This is bad for me. I need to spend more time walking, running, lifting weights, playing sports. Firstly because it's fun in the short term and physicality is good for human beings, and secondly because it boosts health in the long run. I don't want to be an old man who cannot walk properly. I want to be mobile and strong all the way through. So I need to take more walks, at the very least. I bought me some new shoes. I'd like to wear them out as soon as I can.

(Lol at my love of wearing things out– word vomits, pens, notebooks, and now shoes). I guess it's just a very physical reminder / proof of work done. I spent so much of my life bullshitting myself and others about the quality and quantity of the work that I did, one way or another. But some indicators don't lie. And so I need to fall back on those indicators, so that I can develop a trusting relationship with myself. A few days ago when I was reading old vomits, I came across a passage where I wrote something like, "It doesn't matter that I don't understand this now– I'm not writing this for me, I'm writing this for Future Visa." And there I was, "Future Visa", reading what I had written in the past and appreciating Past Visa for it. It was a very nice feeling, one I'd like to feel more of. And that is part of why I want to write. It is correspondence with the most important, closest person in my life: Me.
A man lives in a box. He has lived for 9,409 days, and has been living in the box for 1,155 days. It's a pretty nice box, he can't complain. It has the magic of clean tapwater and reliable electricity supplies, and it's generally safe and clean. It's 88 square meters in size, or about the 5th of the size of an NBA basketball court.

This box is one of about 150 boxes stacked together to make a bigger block of boxes. The man often amuses himself by looking out of one of the holes in his boxes to look at what other people are up to in their boxes. There are roughly 9,500 blocks with over 1,000,000 boxes on the island he lives on. The island itself, called Singapore, is 719 square kilometers, sitting on a spheroid planet called Earth.

Earth has radius of 6,371km and a surface area of 510,100,000 square kilometers, of which 71% is covered in water. The planet is 4,600,000,000 years old, and is home to over 7,125,000,000 people. It orbits an almost perfectly spherical nuclear reactor called the Sun, which is a million times larger than itself. The Earth is just one of 8 planetary bodies that orbit the Sun. The Sun is just one of over 100,000,000,000 stars in its neighborhood, the Milky Way. The Milky Way is in turn one of over 100,000,000,000 galaxies in the known Universe.

Every morning when the Earth has rotated (as it does because of angular momentum) so that the island faces the sun, the man gets out of his box. He walks over to gets into a smaller box (called an elevator, which uses a pulley system) that takes him to the foot of the block. He then walks across the street to wait for a travelling tube, called a bus. This tube typically runs by burning fossils in a combustion engine, and has a capacity of between 50 to 130 people. These people will be driven (by a person) along a route which stops by a much larger system of travelling tubes, called trains.

These trains run on tracks that are laid out across the island. There are 5 lines with a total combined route length of 148.9km, stopping at 102 stations. Our protagonist rides one tube towards the center of the island, then switches to another tube travelling towards the southwest, where he goes to work.

He gets out of the tube, paying for the service using a stored value card (which uses an embedded integrated circuit– basically a silicon chip– and communicates with the card readers on a radio frequency). He then rides up an escalator (which is powered by an alternating current motor) and crosses a road to get to another block of boxes– one of which is his office.

In the office there are about 15-20 people, working together to build, maintain, sell, market and provide support for a software product that online retailers around the planet use to run their customer referral programs. Our guy typically sits at his desk, plugs in his portable macbook computer to its peripherals (a monitor to display a graphic interface, and a keyboard and mouse as tools to navigate said interface) and gets to work. His job is to do whatever it takes to get more people signing up to use the software. He started out writing articles, then coaching other people to write articles, and there are all sorts of other nuanced details that go into crafting an optimized experience for people who would potentially want to pay to use such a service online.

Halfway through the day, the man needs to refuel. The man himself is technically a bunch of tubes (64% water, 16% proteins, 16% fats, 4% minerals, 1% carbohydrates), padded and reinforced with flesh and bones, moving around thanks to electrical impulses, which in turn are fueled by chemical energy, gotten by breaking down glucose into ATP (adenosine triphosphate) using teeth, stomach acid, enzymes. (The food doesn't just refuel him in the short term– it's also used to rebuild his physical body outright– bones, muscles, tissues, everything.)

So he heads out of the box to a nearby food place, where merchants sell food– carbohydrates, proteins, fats, in a variety of packages called rice, noodles, chicken, fish, eggs and so on– most of it is imported from beyond the island via a massive container shipping system spanning the entire planet.

The man then gets back to work, relying on his office's trusty wifi (electromagnetic waves that are about 6 feet long with a 12cm wavelength, transmitting binary on-and-off at the speed of light) to allow him to manipulate data on the internet as desired. This is done through a complicated "stack", beginning with silicon transistors (tiny switches that can turn on and off without any moving parts, thanks to silicon's semi-conductivity and electrical signals) and ending with a manipulate-able interface displayed on a screen. In between, inputs are sent over vast networks, through underwater fibre optic cables and so on.

After several hours, our protagonist leaves the office box, gets back into the train tube, switches to another train tube, and at this point typically walks back to his home box. While walking home today, this man found himself feeling rather troubled and dissatisfied– a mind and body's integrated response to a stimlus of some kind. He wonders if "the same thing over and over again" counts as a "stimulus", and decides, upon getting back into his home-box, to sit and write as a way of coping with these emotions. He contemplates his daily routine and schedule, and how his life has become contained within these sets of boxes, literal and metaphorical.

Yeah, the guy in the box is me. (Getting tired of writing in the third person.) I suppose I was hoping that putting all of this in context would trigger something for me. That it would help me appreciate the grandeur of the scale of existence and how precious each fleeting moment is in.

But to be honest, right now at this moment, the recurring thought that keeps coming to me is that I'm a man in a box, in a block of boxes. And when the Earth turns, tomorrow, I will leave my box, go through a series of tubes, get into another box... and so on.

I have to challenge myself to somehow find joy and pleasure amidst all of this.
There's an enticing idea in the game of Zen and spirituality and philosophy and whatnot, which goes something like this: there is no need to suffer in order to attain 'enlightenment'. But most people have been indoctrinated that there's no gain without pain, so they're under the impression that they need to go through some sort of ordeal, some sort of quest before they find the Holy Grail within themselves– that there is no secret ingredient, that we are all God, intertwined with all things, and that there is a universe of ecstasy to be had right here right now in the present moment, if we would only awaken to it. But apparently we don't like that idea because it's too simple, it's too easy, it sounds almost silly or foolish. And so we embark on the quests that we set for ourselves, or beg some teacher to give to us. And they smile, perplexed and befuddled, wondering why God would like to play this silly game, running away from himself, hiding from herself, seeking God's own approval. But apparently that's what he wants, so that's what he gets. We are infinite, and we want to play this game of "poor old me".

I'm not sure how I feel about this idea. I think there's an element of truth to it. I do believe that it's theoretically possible to experience an awakening in the given moment, to realize, "My goodness, I've been fooling myself this whole time, what a tediously boring game." And that it's then equally possible to almost immediately– or at least, very quickly– slip into another game with a similar goal and pretext. To play hide and seek with ourselves, because maybe it's boring to be fully present in the eternal now.

As for me, I'm endlessly attached to this story of myself, this story of the person called me, with my history and my family and my lineage and my DNA and the socioeconomic conditions that I was raised in and the beliefs that I was exposed to and the conditioning I've had over the decades. "This is who I am you see! These were my starting conditions! This is how I'm broken! These are my scars, these are my weaknesses, these are my failings!" And that story is familiar and comforting and something to return to. It's easier to weep and moan than it is to go "Well alright then, let's get up and see what we can do about all of this."

Well alright then, let's get up and see what we can do about all of this.

The cool thing about some video games is that they put you right in the middle of a story. I'm reminded of Uncharted 2 where you begin wounded in a train that's about to fall off a cliff. And as a player, you find yourself thinking, oh okay, what do I do next? What can I do now? And it's interesting that that thought doesn't come so easily in everyday life. I'm starting to think that maybe everyday life is just really badly designed. Everything around is really badly designed, and the tricky thing about badly designed environments is that they have a way of convincing you that it's your fault that you aren't good at navigating them. That you're somehow imperfect, incomplete, insufficient.

These are the dominant feelings, are they not? Every day we wake up and we are tired and lonely and scared. Well, what then? The athlete has to play hurt, there is no other way around it. Life is struggle; an ordeal advertised as an adventure.

Phillip K Dick said that reality is whatever doesn't go away when you stop believing in it. When you stop believing that life is an adventure, it can go away. When you stop believing that life is an ordeal... it seems like it's still an ordeal... isn't it? Or is it that the belief is so deep-rooted that it's just particularly hard to shake?

Suppose we try that out, then. Suppose we try to shake the belief that life is an ordeal. It's not. It's not work, it's play. Every boring task is an opportunity to have fun. I was at remedial training a couple of days ago– a thing that Singaporean men have to do if they don't complete their individual physical proficiency test within the allocated time. And part of that training was to flip a little plastic log over and over again around a 400m track, twice. You do it in a group, which makes it a little less monotonous, but it's still incredibly monotonous and Sisyphian. What was funny was how halfway through, some of us started fooling around– tossing the log forward, dragging it forward before flipping it, and so on. And it was funny, and we laughed, and in that moment we managed to create a little humor and amusement out of something that could be construed as a theft of our time.

My last word vomit was a little bleak– I wrote about how I'm just a bunch of electrical impulses in a body of flesh and bones, a tube to put resources into to convert into energy, living in a box, going through a system of tubes to get to another box, doing some work to collect some currency to purchase the resources necessary to keep the whole thing going on, seemingly indefinitely (with an unknown date of death). Life itself is Sisyphian, which is why Camus said that one must imagine Sisyphus happy. Else there's no point, else we might as well just off ourselves off now. It's only rational to proceed if we believe that the benefits outweigh the costs. And there are certainly costs. So we have to find benefits. In the darkness we must supply our own light. We must find joy and humor in our existence. We won't stop existing just because we fail to do that, but if we fail to do that we have to wonder what we're existing for.
Some writing comes more easily than others. Some writing requires cross-referencing with other work, and that's always an endless rabbithole that can pull you away from the writing itself. That requires a lot of focus and discipline, and I don't have a lot of that to go around. So when I feel like I want to do a lot of writing, I have to be clever about it and stick to the writing that comes easily. Focus on the thing that pulls out long globules of thought from my mind.

The thought of the moment is words and writing, and what I want to do with my writing ability. Revisiting my central motivations for doing this project, and thinking about what I want to do afterwards, and questioning those things a little bit.

I've always loved words and will always love words. I often find myself looking up the histories of individual words in order to see where they come from. Take the word "individual". "in-" is a negative sort of prefix (invulnerable, interminable) "Divide" means to split in two, with "di-" (diode, dichotomy), and "vide" comes from an ancient "wiedh", also seen in "widow". I could do this sort of thing for days on end. I've read so many words in my lifetime that it's endlessly fascinating to discover patterns between them. For instance, the root of "enemy" is something like "in-" and "-ami"– the opposite of a friend. It makes language a lot more rich, textured, nuanced, beautiful.

But what do I want to do with all of these words? Words themselves are just symbols, signposts. What do I want to say? I've been talking about the signposts, but what is the journey? What is the story? What are the little movies that I want to create, give life to? Every single time I try to start writing something, I get self-conscious and stumble over my own feet, getting trapped in my own analysis of my own work, and my own analysis of my own analysis of my work, and the work ever gets a chance to breathe.

"A Man Lives In A Box" was a nice little moment where I dashed something off so quickly that I didn't have time to be self-conscious about it– and looking back, and having shared it with a couple of friends, I've discovered that it actually has an interesting sort of theme to it, a way of seeing things, a voice. That's cool. I'd like to do more of that. But doing that requires me to start with a feeling of some kind, and then explore and expound on that feeling through descriptions without thinking very much about it. I'd like to get good at that, but it feels like an underdeveloped skillset.

Well I don't want to keep talking about how underdeveloped that skillset is, I want to develop it. And that means I'm going to have to dash off more pieces of writing. Should I start one right now, in the middle of this vomit? I think that would be bad form and annoying to Future Visa to have to pick apart individual vomits to look for the story bits. No, we'll rush through a story for the next vomit. So in the mean time we'll continue with this word thinking.

I suppose I wanted to say that it sort of feels like the short story is a rather saturated art form, and that most things that need to be said have already been said. I look around online and I haven't found anything that really hits me, that really speaks to me. The first thing that comes to mind is The Last Question– now that was a great goddamn short story! That's the sort of thing that's worth writing. What is it about the Last Question that I enjoyed so much? Well it had a great setup– it had a question that needed answering– and it had a great twist in the punchline, that really gave me the "flooded with feeling"... feeling. How do I do that? Do you reverse engineer it from a single line? Maybe, if you're lucky enough to get it in a single line.

If I take my cues from Emma Coats and Carl Zimmer, you gotta do the research and then write what you think it is that you want to write, and then identify the story that's lurking beneath the depths of whatever it is that you've just written. And then you gotta rewrite the whole thing. Most of writing is actually rewriting. I feel like I'd be comfortable with that, that I like the idea. But I also feel like I'm not ready to do the rewriting yet. I gotta just keep going through this stuff and get it out of my system.

But sometimes it also feels like I don't have enough stuff in my system... that's bullshit. That just means I've been stuck in a rut and I've been looking at the same things from the same perspective for too long and everything has started to calcify. When that happens what I need is to get out, to meet people, to read a book, to watch a movie, to travel, to move around and to see things from a different point of view. Creativity is just connecting things so I need to find new things to connect.

I also obviously just need to go through old things that I've had sitting around forever and just fucking get them out of my system because it's goddamn tiring and frustrating and overwhelming to have to carry all of that shit around with me all of the bloody time. It distracts me from living in the present. It distracts me from enjoying my coffee, and from enjoying the company of friends and loved ones and life is just too goddamn short to be stuck. So I gotta take a cue from Ray Bradbury, and to get out of bed and jump onto the landmine called me and just fucking explode. Who cares if short stories aren't a thing anymore? It doesn't matter. Sincerity is always a thing and that's what I need. Maybe that's what the world needs too, but let's not get ahead of ourselves.
 
The inverse idea is presented in some schools of zen or spirituality– that everybody around you is an incredibly enlightened teacher, put on this earth to teach you things that you might not even realise you’re here to be taught. Also an interesting idea. But right now I’m more fascinated by the first one. What if it were somehow true? What if you really WERE the only conscious human in the world? What would the implications be?
 
The first thought you might have is that you can do absolutely anything you wanted without worrying about what other people thought or cared. You can hurt and abuse people if you feel so inclined– they’re not really people, after all. But this doesn’t nearly work out as well as it might seem. Because while people might be glassy-eyed automatons, they’d still get hurt and upset, and they’d still respond negatively to your abuse. If you commit a crime in a world of sheep, the sheep are still going to punish you for it. So you still have to be mindful of the thoughts and feelings of the sheep.
 
There’s some nuance there, though. There’s no reason to worry about the sheep laughing at you or mocking you and so on, because you shouldn’t have to be concerned about the opinions of sheep– except when the sheep might choose to cause you harm.
 
Here’s where it gets a little messy. As a conscious human being, you’re wired to feel emotion, sympathy, shame, guilt– even if you’re surrounded by lesser minds. You’d still enjoy the affection of a puppy, you’d still feel pained witnessing the lonely cries of an abandoned kitten. Those emotions are instinctive, developed over hundreds of thousands of years as social creatures. We were social creatures before we were solitary individuals, and our minds (and bodies?) are designed for it. Herd mentalities are powerful phenomenon. Fear of social ostracisation is a powerful fear. Desire for prestige and social standing is a powerful impulse. These processes continue to function even if we learn that we’re in a world of sheep. Perhaps they might be lessened over time– perhaps we’d learn to recognise the impulses as impulses, and have the space to think about how we actually want to respond.
 
That seems like a good idea even if we lived in a world of thoughtful, enlightened, conscious beings.
 
What else would change? Suppose okay, you no longer worry about the opinions of others except when they might be used to cause you harm. You remain a generally friendly person, treating people as you would treat beloved stray animals– you give them space, you speak kindly to them, you’re warm and friendly. But you keep your distance from any that are violent, threatening pro otherwise unpleasant. You find a happy balance. What’s next?
 
Well, the next thing you might realise is that you can’t count on anybody else’s thinking, because a sheep’s thinking is generally ill-fitted for a conscious being. You might ask for people’s perspective in order to collect data, but you wouldn’t hold anybody else’s opinion as intrinsically more valuable than your own. You might trust an expert (say, an electrician-sheep) because of his expertise in a domain that you’re not familiar with, but you wouldn’t take him seriously when asking him about how to live your life. What you should prioritise, what you should focus on. Unless, perhaps, you ran into a sheep who was living a life that you admired. Suppose you encountered a successful entrepreneur-sheep, or a patriarch-sheep, and you recognized them as living lives that you’d want to emulate. As having circumstances that you’d like for yourself. Then yes, you’d solicit their advice. But again, you wouldn’t hold the advice itself as intrinsically sacred– you’d think “this is what the entrepreneur-sheep said”, and analyse it critically to see if there’s anything that he left out, anything that he misinterpreted and so on.
 
You especially wouldn’t worry about arguing with sheep in the abstract. You wouldn’t get your hands dirty in sheep forums, unless you were trying to achieve a particular result– trying to elicit a particular response, for example. But you wouldn’t lose sleep over the opinions of sheep. You would see it as all a game, and not be to attached to it.
 
You would be lonely. Or would you be? Would you ever be fully able to engage with any other being? What is the need or desire to engage with other beings, anyway? Some people have pet dogs and claim that it got rid of their depression. That seems to work. The actual complexity of the mind you’re interacting with is apparently not nearly as important as the seeming sincerity of the affection on display.
 
What am I even talking about. Why did I pursue this train of thought to begin with? I wanted to figure out if a sincerely solipsistic worldview would change my behaviour or life in any way. Would it make me miserable? I find that the answer is… I really don’t know. It seems improbable that glassy-eyed automatons might be more interesting than me, but it’s clear that there do exist people who are more interesting than me. So rather than pursue “maximum consciousness”, which we have no idea how to measure or verify, we could maybe pursue “maximum interestingness”.  That seems vaguely correct.
 
What if we went back to the zen question instead? What if everyone were enlightened teachers? How would that change interactions? I suppose it would prompt more engagement, more awareness, more attention from the part of the student.
 
I suppose that’s probably generally a good thing. So maybe the directive here is simply to be mindful.
 
I just got home from a run. I found myself thinking, as I often do after my infrequent, irregular runs, that my mind was feeling sharper and clearer than usual. The title that came to my mind for this was "the mind after a run".

Concurrently, I've been trying to retitle my word vomits with directives ("do X"), because I find that they're easier to parse. Or to be more specific, it's easier to quickly generate from memory what the rest of the post would be.

The post "the mind after a run" would be a descriptive post, describing how the mind is like before and after a run. The implicit conclusion would be "so remember to run more often". The post "go running every week" begins with the directive. The natural question that follows is "why?" – and the answer to that is "for mental clarity". I'm updating the title to include that. The title now has more information than "the mind after a run". I'm still free to describe "the mind after a run", which I'll do now.

Succinctly, my mind is clearer after a run. I believe there's a lot of scientific literature about this already – runner's high, endorphins, peak physical condition, the mind is what the brain does, the brain is an organ that requires energy to function, exercise leads to better circulation as well as introduces some other variables I'm not fully aware of, the mind is clearer and I can think better.

Interestingly, running and lifting weights seem to have different effects on the mind. But I don't know the specifics. I think the body I want will be best sculpted by weight training, but I think there's also space for some running– out in the open, out in nature, hiking, I don't know the details yet. I went Googling to look for some reads about it, but everybody seems to have different interpretations depending on what their position is. I've picked out a couple of books to read, but in the meantime I think it's best if I evaluate my own history and experiences.

I'm pretty insecure and ashamed about my lack of cardio fitness. I've gotten stronger physically and can squat and bench and deadlift more than I ever have. But I can't do pullups anymore the way I used to when I weighed 20kg less. I can run the way I did when I weighed 20kg less– and I was never particularly good at running then either. I believe my best ever 2.4km timing was still over 12 minutes– maybe 12:30 or 12:45. I can't trust my memory on this one, so I'm just going to assume it was 13:00. Now I think I can't even go below 14:00. I find this to be embarrassing. And so I'd like to make progress on it, and so I'd like to commit to a regimen of getting my ass out and running more frequently. I tend to have an all or nothing approach that doesn't help. I'd like to work backwards from a 5km run, which I'd like to run at a comfortable pace and just finish smoothly. I think I'll do this by the end of the year. And I'd have conquered another limiting belief– that I'm somehow deficient in the cardiovascular department.

I know I've written a couple of posts before about the virtues of running– I get this flash of insight every time I go for a run, but then forget about it a while later and then have to rediscover it sometimes months later. Is there a way to stop this systemic nonsense? I suppose I should schedule these in advance. Right now I'm doing remedial training for my military commitments, so I can use those as scaffolding. Once I'm done with those, I'll schedule weekly runs in my calendar, and review my schedule every day / week. Once again it becomes clear that a daily/weekly review is critical to me making progress towards my goals.

Let's go over it again to make sure I haven't missed anything. I feel embarrassed that I can't run 2.4km in under 13 minutes. I would like to overcompensate and run it under 11 minutes or so. Right now I can barely even run continously for 15 minutes, so I'm going to have to work up to that. So I got to break it down. Take 30 minute walks more regularly. My wife has a 10,000 steps/day challenge for herself which she's been making steady progress on, it would be a good idea for me to follow along with her half the time and get the basic walking muscle up. And I have to schedule sprints and slow jogs.

200 more words to go. How can I maximize my performance within the context of the next few RTs I need to do? I need to sleep well so I recover from any muscle soreness. I need to eat heartily. Okay. Tonight let's go to bed at 1030pm, and wake nice and early– and if my legs are alright, I'll go for a walk or a jog in the morning. I'll probably do another 2.4km to see what my timing is like, and use that as a baseline.

It's a little frustrating to know that I've definitely said all of this before and tried something and failed, but I also know that progress typically oscillates, so I'm not going to allow my past failures to let me give up. Giving up in this context is obviously unpleasant. It's obviously better to sweat a little more, run a little more– even just purely for the mental benefits, because a clearer mind means I write more, I work better, and I'm just a nicer person to be around (and that applies internally to myself, too.)

20 more words to go. To sum up: Run every week for mental clarity and to shed the limiting belief that I'm this weak skinny frail boy. I'm not obscenely skinny any more, but I'd like to pack a punch.
What does it take to write a piece of fiction? You have to start with something. You could start with a person, or perhaps a place, or an object. A noun. Do you need to have an idea of what you want to be writing about? Well... it often seems that a lot of things that get written have some central idea or thesis that's being explored. Some sort of forward momentum that's being followed. And I think I've been a little lacking in forward momentum lately, because I've been analyzing everything to death and not putting anything forward.

Well, okay. Let's step into the cannon and fire. What do we get? We get... a person. What's interesting about the person? He doesn't fit in? Oh, boo-fucking-hoo. Nobody fits in. Okay, so maybe we shouldn't start with a person. Maybe we should start with a place. What place should we start with? Should I use Singapore, because it's where I grew up? I don't feel comfortable using the past, because that requires research and consistency. I either have to use my conception of the present, or conceive of some sort of future. Or create some sort of fantasy context, but world-building is a lot of work and I don't really feel like doing that unless I have a really good reason to do it. And so I'm always looking for that "really good reason".

I'm thinking now about the movie Gattaca, and how it was simple and well-executed. I found myself wishing that it would do a lot more, but I realize what made it effective is how it was willing and able to really execute on a single central idea, and support it and follow through with it. It tied together a man's yearning and his social/familial frustrations with scientific development.

I think there's something there. The point is that there's always a human story of tension and conflict. This is what I've always struggled with in my fiction, every time I tried to write something I would write my characters without enough conflict in them. But let's go through say, Pixar films. The robot that falls in love with a robot prettier than him. The man who loses his wife and struggles to go on. What's MY story? Has it been told? Does it have to be autobiographical in order to work? Am I overthinking this– yes, but how do I get past it and start writing? Once upon a time, there was this guy. Every day, this guy would go about his life. Until one day, he couldn't, because something bad happened. Now he's in a bit of a pickle. His usual approach doesn't work anymore. He's scared and frustrated and he needs to figure a way out. Finally, desperate, he does the unthinkable– he reaches out to somebody he hates. Or he throws himself into a pursuit that he's unfamiliar with. Some sort of struggle.

But goddamnit isn't that so predictable? Hush. Don't knock it till you've done it, Visa. Make it happen. If it's so simple, do it and see how it looks from the outside. Stop criticizing things before they even get a chance to breathe. There will be things that you haven't thought of yet, things that you're not familiar with. Stop trying to write what you think the world needs, write what is on your mind.

What IS on my mind? I suppose I've been thinking about writing a story about a student and her teacher and their illicit relationship. But do I really want to write that or... oh my god, I can't believe myself. Simplify. Just write. Stop thinking about what the world should read. Who do you think is the most interesting character in the world? Who? Which is the most interesting character in a movie or book or whatever?

I... don't have anybody. I'm thinking of Dostoyevsky's Underground Man, that's just who's coming to mind, but I'm not sure that's a great candidate. I suppose I should... externalize my geeky conversations into characters and see what those characters are like. Should I put them in some context? Should it be fantastical? No... I don't know. Should I go to writing prompts? Maybe I should go to writing prompts. I just went to writing prompts. I didn't see anything interesting. Le sigh. What does interesting even mean. Where do writers begin. Why am I asking such basic questions. I Googled "how to write fiction" and in scrolling encountered a Hemingway's name, which triggered the thought "just write the truest sentence you know". I suppose I could and should start with that. What are some true sentences? "Life is BEYOND unfair." That could be expanded. Okay, let's list sentences to expand.

"You will never be enough."

"You don't actually want what you think you want, you just enjoy wanting it."

"Nobody cares about your bullshit until you make it a big deal."

"They say characters must have motivations, but I don't have any. Does that make me a shallow character? Why is it that characters in books have more personality than I do? Is it because the authors love their characters more than I love myself?"

"We're all just clowns amusing ourselves silly while staring into the abyss. We're all quite mad, and quite reasonably so."

"I keep trying to forgive myself, but I keep failing, and I don't know if it's because I'm not trying hard enough or because I'm just really unforgiving."

"There are millions of us living lives of quiet desperation, and we're all waiting anxiously for something to happen. Something to shake us up. Something to give us permission to break free. Who would Abraham Lincoln have been, who would Winston Churchill have been, if not for the grand challenges of their times? It seems simply too selfish to break dramatically from a somewhat calm, peaceful, idyllic life. Sometimes I wish I would be struck with madness. Our mediocrity is our great anesthetic."

"I am tired, so utterly tired of reading what somebody else had to say. I'd much rather know what's inside of me. I want to know what I've been carrying within me for millennia. It seems like that would be a voyage worth undertaking, but every time I begin the trip I find that the lands are bare, stripped clean. I know that there are universes within me, but their denizens hide upon my arrival– out of fear or shame I cannot say."
(fiction)

There’s a guy who’s stuck in a dead-end office job. Every day gets out of the box  box he calls home and gets into a tube with many other tired, disgruntled humans and heads to work. He usually groans and tosses and turns in bed for a while before he gets out, because nothing about life ahead of him seems particularly interesting or exciting. While he’s in the train, he entertains himself with Facebook and Twitter. Sometimes he fantasizes about writing fiction but he never really gets around to it.

He gets to work, and sits at the same chair and desk and computer that he’s been sitting at for years. And he writes sales content, content that hopefully people would read and then be influenced to buy his company’s business-to-business software service. He does this for about 8 hours, with a break for lunch that he usually spends chatting with his colleagues. It’s some of the only real social interaction he has every day.

After work he heads back home the same way he came, which takes over an hour. When he gets home, the sun has set and everything is dark. His wife is sick, and has been for a couple of years. She does her best, though, and takes care of things around the house. She’s sometimes grumpy, sometimes sad. She had a somewhat crappy life, with lousy parents, no real social skills, no real passion, nothing in particular that she was good at. And so he would support her financially, as well as pay for the house that they live in.

Our guy sometimes smokes cigarettes, he sometimes tries to exercise. He would like to be more productive at work but somehow he just seems tired all the time. When he gets home he’s often tempted to eat junk food and/or watch some television or a movie. Or sit on the internet and scroll through reddit and imgur and Facebook and all of those time-wasters. He knows he should probably give them up, but they provide him a little bit of distraction from the frustrating reality of his life. He sleeps 8 hours a day, is at work 8 hours a day, commutes 3 hours a day. He’s left with 5 hours. Half an hour goes to showers and pooping. 4.5. He has to lie in bed for at least 30 minutes before he falls asleep. 4 hours. Dinner. 3.5. What should he be doing with those 3.5 hours?

Sometimes he exercises. People say that it takes 20 minutes, but to go down to the jogging track takes 10-15 minutes, jogging takes another 20, getting back another 10-15. He’s unfit, so he’s typically winded at some point and needs to just sit down for another 10-15 minutes. Then he has to shower, because the country he lives in is pretty damn hot and humid. So if he decides to run, that takes an hour, leaving him with 2.5.

On a good day, he writes. He sits and he evaluates how his life has been. Spoiler: Not that great. He sits and evaluates what to do next. All options seem pretty bleak and futile– the most probable outcome seems to be to work until death.

For a period of time, when a friend lent him a desktop PC, he would play video games. Which makes him realise that if he just put it more effort into prioritising, he should be able to MAKE the time to do things that he wanted to do.

But what does he want to do? He really just wants all the pain and the stress of everyday life to go away. But it isn’t going away. He’s going to be paying his mortgage for another 27 years. The pain is only going to get worse. So he needs to carve out space, somehow, for joy and happiness and meaning– because if he doesn’t then he’s going to become a bitter, angry person, or depressed, or in some other way just plain fucked up.

He used to have a bunch of passions and interests about the world, but all of those things now seem really vacuous to him. Like they were frivolous things that he enjoyed when he didn’t have the burden of crushing debt on his shoulders. Now he just wants to get the weight off his shoulders but he’s not sure how to do it. One way to do it would be to earn more money. That would require him being more effective and efficient at work, which would require him to plan his time better, to schedule his life better, to prioritise the hard, difficult things first and get them done in less time. Then maybe he’d be able to leave work earlier, and maybe have a bit more time to read a book or something. Maybe he should be reading on his commutes, but books are just such a bitch to carry on crowded trains. Maybe he should put some ebooks on his kindle. He wants to read big novels but finds them intimidating. He wants to get fit but progress is slow and he has to pause his gym routine in order to keep up with his military commitments.

He wants to build muscle and gain weight, but that means buying more food, which he’s not sure he can afford. He would save money if he learned to cook, but he doesn’t know where to begin, and he’s been afraid of food since he was a child because of how he was raised. He wants to solve his problems but he feels like he doesn’t quite have enough energy, and really, he just feels so goddamn tired all the time. All the time. He’s only 26 and he can’t quite remember what it was like to not be tired. He’s sick of his commute.

Sometimes he sits with his guitar– he used to play music in bands– and he tries to make progress, he tries to learn a new song, or write one, or sing. He enjoys it for a little while, but then finds himself thinking that he’s never going to be particularly good at it, and nobody’s ever going to care, and that developing hobbies on the side was an indulgence he couldn’t afford when he has so much debt to look forward to. He’s not sure if he’s stuck in some sort of poverty mindset, some sort of poverty cycle. He knows intellectually that he’s better off than the vast majority of human beings who ever lived, at least materially speaking. He’s safe from threats and so on. But what a pathetic life he’s living. How tiresome. How meaningless.

He clings on, hoping that in the months or years or maybe decades ahead, something will give. Something will change. And maybe things would get better.

A: I was asked if I have any issues.

B: Well, do you?

A: I don't know. Doesn't everybody? What is an issue?

B: Well, if it's going to affect your life adversely, it's an issue.

A: See, there are so many different things I could say here, and each one would lead to a totally different conversation, and each would give you a different impression of me. Continuing this conversation requires requires me to choose something, on the fly. I like to think that I'm good at improvising, but how do people do this?

B: Do what?

A: decide how to respond to other people.

B: *chuckles* yeah, I think you've got issues.

A: That is such a copout though. Don't all the best things come from people who ask basic questions? Are we implying that anybody who asks 'wrong' or 'inappropriate' questions have issues?

B: I think you wouldn't be surprised to find that quite a lot of those great people had issues. Of course, it's not their maladjustment or miswiring that made them great, but what they did about it.

A: I think there's a distinction between being maladjusted to your circumstances and fundamentally being a little miswired.

B: Sure. Issues is a vague term. People sometimew ask vague questions because they want to give you the freedom to make it more precise along the dimension that you choose. You get to decide if you want to elaborate or not.

A: Sometimes I find that freedom to be too much responsibility.

B: You think a little too highly of yourself. Nobody really cares that much. They just wanna know if you're okay.

A: Well, are you okay?

B: Sure, yeah. I am. Thanks for asking.

A: How do you know that? How do you know that you're okay?

B: Well, I could run down a checklist...

A: Please do.

B: Starts with the meatbag. Sleeping OK? Eating and drinking OK? Exercising OK? Yes. I'm OK. Then I move on to broader things. Money is OK? Relationships are OK? Work is OK? Am I doing things I like? Do I have things that I'm working towards, that I'm looking forward to? Am I making progress? These things don't all have to be perfect, but as long as I'm not in catastrophic situations and as long as I'm making progress, I'm okay.

A: *snort* Okay.

B: What's funny?

A: I was just thinking "and then you're going to die and everyone and everything you love is going to decay into nothingness, but at least you're okay" - but I realize that's a very impolite and unhelpful thing to say, and it's probably going to make you think that I have 'issues'.

B: You're not wrong, on either count.

A: Well, fuck me, yeah?

B: No. Don't do that. That's boring. I think you've had this conversation with yourself too many times in too many iterations to be satisfied with that sort of defeatist ending. It's too easy. To which you might say "I like easy", but you already know several times over that you don't. You have the scars to show for it.

A: *sigh*

B: Hm?

A: Everything is hard and boring.

B: Yes, you've known that for some time now.

A: Knowing it still hasn't taken the sting off. I write bitter, angry and depressing shit as a way of coping with the stinging fact that reality is hard and boring.

B: Does it help?

A: Seems a little early to tell, but my preliminary prognosis says "nope, not good". I can't linger in or revisit that state too much, or I'll become an angry bitter old Kopitiam uncle, shaking his fist at the clouds and the Government and drinking himself silly.

B: I think you're a little smarter than that.

A: Yeah.

B: So what's the next step?

A: *in a rehearsed tone* Feel the sting and do it anyway. Sleep. Work out. Meditate. Focus. Stop reading stupid irrelevant shit. If there are problems, take steps to address them. There'll be an 'effort shock' where you find that it requires much more of you than you anticipated. It'll be tempting to groan and mope, because those things are easier to do than to address the issues.

B: *smiles* So you're saying you have issues?

A: I have... challenges.

B: It's nice that you talk like this when you're with me. But I get the sense that you don't talk like this when you're alone with yourself.

A: I'm trying, man. I think I've gotten better at it over the years, with practice. It's just not a pretty process, and it's not a fast process. It's not a native language for me.

B: Yeah, that's probably true.

A: You don't seem to be bitter or angry about anything, ever. How do you do it? Sometimes when I talk to other people, I get the sense that they maybe just have had better starting conditions or better circumstances or are wired better, or have a better propensity for change- you know, the typical list of excuses for why other people are better. But you're inside my head. You're me. How do you do it?

B: You want to know the secret ingredient? There is no secret ingredient.

A: I already watched Kung-fu Panda, thanks.

B: Both of us are just voices in the head of a guy typing on a screen while he's in a train on the way to work. We're obviously made up. But what's not so obvious is that every other voice or thought is made up, too. Every interpretation is a sort of fiction. It might be more or less accurate, but it's still fundamentally made up.

A: Uhuh.

B: You're free to completely invent and alter your inner voice however you please. You can live your life as B rather than A. We literally come from the same mind.

A: I get the sense that it's not so simple and that you're just trying to lead this particular story towards some sort of profound or feel-good ending.

B: I get the sense that I'm just trying to help you out in whatever way I can. It's probably a little more complicated than I'm making it out to be,  but I think it's at least true that you have some mental patterns that you could bust yourself out of.

A: That's part of why I want to write fiction. 500,000+ words in I've gotten tired of the sound of my own voice. I want to try on some different lenses. I'm too ingrained in my current configuration. And it's like... all this childhood shit, right? Parents and school and whatnot. I'm tired of having that be my story, narrative, whatever.

B: Sounds good. But okay, after all of that, besides all of that, how are you doing really?

A: Aiyah. I'm fine lah. I went running. My calves got really sore. I had trouble sleeping. When I'm sleep deprived, I feel weak and powerless and get into a drama-mama state. Sometimes I write when I'm in that mood. Life is bleak but I’m one of the luckier ones, and there are still things to learn and laugh about. I’m good.
Every morning I wake up and it feels like I must’ve smoked a cigarette the night before. It’s felt like this ever since I stopped smoking, which was about a week ago. This is not a newsworthy event. I have started and stopped smoking several times now. I would smoke occasionally here and there with friends when I started, and I eventually became a “full blown” smoker who would smoke in the mornings and at nights, after every meals, in spaces in between. When I started work, I would take several smoke breaks a day, if I remember correctly. After a while, I’d only smoke before and after work, particularly because none of my colleagues smoked, and also because I think I wanted to cut down in general. Eventually I went cold turkey after reading about Jason Mraz and Allan Carr, and I quit for maybe 6-9 months. And then I started again. And then I stopped again. And then I started again. And then I stopped again, and here we are.

I don’t have the blind, naive conviction anymore to say that this time is forever and I’m never going to smoke again. I probably will. I’ll probably bum a cigarette or two from a friend when we drink. I’ll probably end up buying a pack maybe several months or maybe a year or several years from now. For the moment, I feel the need to really clean out my body. For my eyes and nose and lips and mouth and throat and lungs to heal and recover. A part of me likes to think that I’m making progress, and certainly it seems that it gets slightly easier each time. I remember the first time I quit I didn’t know how long I would be able to go, I didn’t know what it was going to be like, etc. Now I know that where I am right now is somewhere I’ve been before. It’s familiar territory. I know better how to deal with cravings, so I have more of a choice about whether or not I want to give in.

The thing is, I don’t want to be a person who is determined or defined by his relationship with cigarettes. Do I? No, I don’t think so. I’d like to have a range of different lenses and I’d like some better ones. I suppose if I had a kid, instantly I would be defining myself by my relationship with my child. Some people say you shouldn’t define yourself at all. I think that’s something to be experimented with, but I’m not so sure if it’s a sustainable way of life, at least while you’re still trying to make ends meet within the modern capitalist world. It might work in some sort of commune setting, maybe. Do those places exist? Maybe on a farm? But even then you’re a provider, you’re connected to some sort of economy, you have some sort of role and you play it. You can use meditation and reflection to give yourself perspective, to remind yourself that the broader context means that you’re just a speck in infinite space and there’s no reason to be neurotically constricted about anything.

What does it mean to shed your past self? How do you discard who you were to become who you want to become? Some stimuli I have sought in search of triggers that might lead to answers– Sadhguru, HoraceandPete, Elliot Hulse. I think of all of that I like Hulse’s perspective the most– a reminder that the obstacle is the way, that the rough times and depressive moods and all the bad stuff is fuel for the fire. It’s about digging deeper within to plant a stronger foundation. Hulse made the point that a lot of the strongest and greatest people also suffered the worst hardships, and overcompensated for those things.

I suppose it just keeps feeling like I’m waiting on the good times now, like I feel like I should be done with the bad shit. So I’ve stopped smoking again and I”ve started sleeping better again and the world definitely gets brighter and softer when you do that. It’s comforting to smell things, and to feel things on your skin.

I know that progress means discarding past selves. Past ideas. And I feel like I’ve gotten tired of holding on to things that– I can’t even really remember or recognise what I’m holding on to. And I don’t even really care anymore. A couple of years ago it would have mattered a lot to me that I not lose sight of the shore, that I keep with me a sense of where I came from. But I’m starting to realise that it’ll never leave me. I can actively try to forget everything and I won’t (try not to think of a pink elephant). I might lose it in the moment, but the good stuff, the important stuff, it always comes back with the right context or trigger. So I don’t have to worry about that stuff. I can let go of that. I can free up my mind to pay attention to the present, to my current circumstances, to do good things for me in the now, and to focus on becoming who I want to become.

And those things are fairly clear. I want to be stronger, more effective, more efficient, more useful and reliable to the people that I care about, more powerful, have more autonomy, feel more comfortable in my own skin, breathe deep, lift heavy.

I’m wary of thinking that some new idea or perspective is going to change everything. I don’t think it ever will, I don’t think it works that way. I’ve tried many on before, and they give maybe some brief excitement, but the real idea is no idea, the real perspective is no perspective. I just have to do the work. I just have to get rid of whatever is in the way of me doing my work. I have to face that head on. And I think that means just getting rid of everything non-essential. If it matters, it’ll turn up again. I have to trust that.
It’s interesting and scary to contemplate the mind sometimes. And how it’s compelled to do certain things in certain ways, or not do certain things under certain circumstances. Screw conversations about whether we have free will or not– the more pertinent question is, what are the bugs in our mind, and how do we fix them? If they can’t be fixed, how do we keep them from inhibiting us?

I was just talking about this with a friend.About how if a “todo” task isn’t sufficiently precise, it doesn’t get done. “Buy Groceries” can sit pretty on a post-it for days and days. I won’t do it unless I write “go to NTUC FairPrice at Yishun MRT after work today and buy broccoli, carrots and chicken.”

What’s counter-intuitive is just a tiny bit of vagueness or fuzziness can stop the task from happening altogether. Intuition would suggest that something half as vague would get done half as well, or half as quickly. But in reality, it simply doesn’t get done.

I’m a loss-averse, pain-averse creature. I don’t really like that, but that’s how it is and I have to work with that for now, possibly for always. The pursuit of pleasure and gain doesn’t seem to motivate me anywhere near as much. As far as possible, I seem to be ‘happiest’ or ‘most stable’ just doing nothing. When left to my own devices, I like doing nothing. I like talking long random walks through the Internet. (If only that shit was good for my health. Maybe when we have some good AR, we can do both at the same time.)

I do know that I enjoy doing squats with heavy weights and feeling the burn and feeling the strength gains and the endorphins and stuff like that. I haven’t had much of a chance to do that recently because I’ve got RT commitments. I’m currently 11/20 done, and I’ll be done completely in May. This will be the first year since I finished my NS that I wouldn’t have had to go to CMPB to answer for why I didn’t complete my IPPT or my RT. It’s a great source of shame for me and I hate thinking about it, but I think it’s necessary that I think about it. That I really sit with myself and my feelings and confront myself about what’s going on, and how I allow these things to happen. And to be aware of all the post-hoc rationalisations. I mean, I want to fix this. [1]

So… what’s going on? Fundamentally my challenge remains the same as it always has. Self-regulation. Time management. Focus. Prioritisation. Fear management. So let’s walk through that again. We’ll do this again and again 500 times if we have to, until we get it right. We already know that we’ve made progress– we’re much, much better at these things now that we were at the start. We’ve gone on social media fasts. We’ve gone smoke-free. We’ve gone from squatting 30kg to 90kg. We’ve gone from being completely unreliable at work to being moderately reliable (although there’s still so much more improvement to be made here). We’ve gone from being a distant, disengaged spouse/son/friend to being more proactive. These are all steps in the right direction. We just need to keep going. And then we’ll overcompensate and take victory laps. But let’s not get ahead of ourselves there. The focus is on the struggle that’s in front of our face. Right now the struggle is to complete writing this. But that’s become somewhat easy, hasn’t it? We’ve done it over 550 times. We can write a thousand words. So what’s next?

What’s next is establishing more precise behaviours. It’s like controlling your muscles, right? It’s all in your brain. It’s all about your brain getting better at firing neurons in a more “patterned” way or something like that. Playing a more difficult piece on guitar requires more hand-eye-ear coordination than playing a simple one. And you’ve gone from simple to pretty hard with deliberate practice. [2]

So. The goal is to develop self-regulation skills. That means being mindful of how much time and energy is being spent on things. Deciding how to allocate these resources in pursuit of my interests and goals. That requires knowing what my interests and goals are. I think I have a fairly good idea, but it’s always worth revisiting. I want to become a great editor who inspires writers to do their best work. I want to be immersed in really good writing and thinking that challenges and inspires me. That opens my mind. That keeps me compassionate and excited and cheerful no matter how rough life gets. The main things stopping me from feeling that way– or the only thing, really– is my own incompetence at getting out of obligation debt into a surplus situation. I still haven’t ever “finished my homework”, I’m always two steps behind and improvising.

I’ve written about this many, many times. Writing alone will not solve it. But as long as I’m committed to writing regularly, I will continue to repeat myself until I internalise it effectively.

[1] The next line that always comes out of my mind is “I really do”, but “I really do” doesn’t mean anything. Reality doesn’t give a shit about how much I say I want something bad, what matters is the change in behavior.

[2] A lesson from guitar-playing that I’ve always been a little hesitant to face up to is that my progress never happens in a linear or consistent fashion. I noodle around here and there mindlessly for months before getting bored with myself and then devoting myself to some intense practice, after which I cross some threshold or plateau and get better in a sudden leap. My question to me is– why not just have a series of those intense practice sessions, and get a lot better all at once? What’s stopping me from doing that? Nothing! Just inertia and a general sense of malaise or whatever nonsense. It’s not happening because I have not developed the skill of setting targets and then achieving them decisively. I’m doing this more for work, but I’m still a novice here.
An older friend told me that a parent wanted to talk to 'learn about my educational journey' and 'understand better what I do now'.  It occurred to me that that's something that might be worth writing down for others as well. Here goes.

I was born in 1990.

I grew up reading a lot of books of all kinds. My mom would take me to the library every week or so. I would read books about dinosaurs, natural disasters, space, ancient Greeks and Romans and Egyptians and so on. My "I know it's impossible" dream was to be an astronaut, I think, and I sort of assumed that I would be maybe a scientist of some kind, with the lab coat and cool tools solving puzzles. I loved puzzles. I had a book series called Charlie Brown's 'Cyclopedia that I would read over and over again, particularly the Space book. (I think that was Book 8.)

I never had to do any. My parents were moderately well off and could afford a domestic helper. My parent's logic was this: if I didn't have to do any chores, I could spend more time studying. I think this was a well-intentioned bad idea. Kids should do chores and develop a sense of responsibility and ownership.

My first introduction to video games I think was on the SEGA console. My brothers were playing racing games and fighting games. I played Street Fighter and a bunch of other games like that whenever I had the chance.

At some point I fell in love with computers. I loved the Internet. Around this time I began to develop the vague idea of becoming a computer game developer or a web designer. I persuaded my parents to buy me books about HTML and Javascript. I learned a lot of HTML and a bit of CSS, but I never quite got through Javascript and C++ – it was too complicated for me at the time and I didn't really see the point. I made some websites on free web hosting services, about my favorite games and jokes and so on.

I went to Opera Estate Primary School, which was where my older brother had gone to. I got into Digimon (but Pokemon not so much). I was into more computer games at this point– Red Alert, Metal Slug. I was still reading books. I would get very good results at school (high 90s, sometimes 100). I would read all of the textbooks entirely before school began, and everything was simple and familiar to me.

I think I was in P3 when I first learned from some classmates about pornography. It seemed really weird and I don't know what I thought about it.

In 1999 I took a test and did well enough on it to qualify for the Gifted Education Program. To me it didn't really seem like a big deal, I did well on tests all the time and thought it was just normal for me. I think I assumed everyone else must've been the same as me, and if they weren't doing well maybe they just didn't feel like it...? I don't know. Anyway, I think this was a big deal to my parents, particularly my dad, who was very proud and would tell anybody who'd listen about how smart his son was. (I don't recommend doing this if you're a parent.)

I enjoyed the GEP. I enjoyed how they challenged us and took us very seriously and treated us intellectually like adults. They'd also tell us things like "you're the cream of the crop" and "you're the future leaders of the country", and it didn't really occur to me to question that. I developed an unnatural, clueless, naive sort of  self-confidence or arrogance that would take me many years to unlearn. I don't think I've completely unlearned it.

I hated homework. I had never developed any sort of discipline or work ethic. I just wanted to play all the time and I didn't understand why homework was necessary. It was just about decoding textbooks, which were very boring puzzles as far as I was concerned. In fact it wasn't puzzling at all– it was just grunt work. I didn't like it and I'd put it off. It was far more interesting to watch Anime on TV (which had interesting storylines and character development), or to play video games that rewarded you for completing challenges and so on.

I didn't really have a clear mental model for what sort of career I wanted, or what sort of work or sacrifices I would have to do to get there. I was told that I was the creme de la creme, so surely I would figure it out along the way. I was going to do well whatever I did, so why bother? (Prophecies are bad.)

It's interesting to look back at my report cards to learn more about what kind of person I was. I was typically attentive and engaged when the teacher was interesting, and I would be quick to participate, raise my hand, and so on. But I was also disruptive, I would crack a lot of jokes, talk to other people, read books under the table, etc.

I don't think I was mean or nasty to anybody– I always felt really bad whenever I got anybody in trouble, or made a teacher frustrated or upset. I think many teachers have yelled at me over the years. Thinking about it brings back a familiar anxiety and discomfort in my stomach. I don't blame those teachers for what they did, they were in a difficult place themselves and managing a classroom can't be easy. But that's how it is.

I kept spending as much time doing whatever I liked as I could. Sometimes I would get angry and upset with myself and stare at myself in the mirror, angry-crying, demanding that I start focusing on my schoolwork and pull my up grades and stop disappointing my parents and my family and the State (because GEP kids get more resources invested in them, I was brought to special meetings just to be told that) and Be A Good Kid. This would typically last a couple of days, maybe a week. But then it would be back to distractions, video games (my parents would try to keep them away from me but I would find workarounds. Sometimes I'd invent projects and other things and go to friends' houses to play) and so on.

Secondary School:

It was sort of assumed that I'd end up in RI. I didn't. I got 245 for my PSLE– which is criminally low for a GEP kid, you're supposed to get 260+. My dad slapped me for it. I would go to Victoria School and I'd go there on probation– meaning if I didn't do well enough at the end of the year, I'd be kicked out of the GEP. That was exactly what happened. For a brief moment I was given the impression that I would have to repeat Sec 1 in another school, but thankfully my Principal (Ang Pow Chew, good man) allowed me to go to Sec 2.

In VS I was in the IT Club but I didn't really participate very much. I was excited for a while but eventually got bored and would avoid it. I began to develop an interest in Basketball, and I would research things like "how to get better at basketball", dribbling techniques, drills, etc. Unfortunately VS didn't have a basketball team (athletic resources were limited and funnelled into Soccer)  so I was mostly left playing at community centers and such after school. I would go to the gym from time to time but I didn't know how to do the big things like squats and deadlifts, so I wasted my time doing bicep curls and tricep extensions. (Many years later I'd realize that squats and deadlifts are amazing and that I should've been doing them all along.)

I didn't do great in Sec 2– I was probably in the middle third or maybe bottom half of the cohort. I attributed this to my disinterest in the way we were taught mathematics and science (chemistry and physics). It was just Not Interesting. I didn't like memorizing things without understanding the rationale behind it. (Many years later I would find math and science utterly beautiful when learning about it from people who were passionate about it. Did you know that a parabola can always be described as an intersection between a plane and a cone? Why doesn't anybody tell you this in school?)

I decided to pick 7 subjects instead of 8 in sec 3, thinking that I would use the extra time / free periods to do homework and study. Ha. Instead I would end up hanging out with most of the weaker students– smart guys (they did get into VS) but underachieving. We did have a bunch of fun. We'd skip school and go to LAN shops or play pool (I was terrible at pool, still am). On hindsight I think those were some of my favorite things about school, and honestly we could probably cut out a lot of the curriculum and people would still be fine. Just show them a bunch of really good videos by really passionate people in their fields and let them follow their curiosities. At least that's what I would do for my younger self.

Anyway– I did do some studying in the final months towards my O's. I got 14 points for my prelims, and assumed that that would mean I would get maybe 10 points for my O 's, which would get me into SAJC (which was where I wanted to go, because they had a cool uniform, a cool campus and a good basketball team). I got 14 points again and ended up going to TPJC.

My parents sent me to tuition for my O levels, but I ended up just making a bunch of friends there and didn't study. Around that time I developed an interest in live music, and wanted to play in a band. I found a couple of bandmates and we started practicing, writing our own songs, doing gigs. I had a lot of fun promoting the band– coming up with the name, coming up with an image, talking to promoters, getting us to play gigs, corresponding with fans on MySpace and so on. It was way more fun and way more REAL than school. I started organizing my own gigs and we even made a bunch of cash from it– I think we made over $1,000 from our first gig, which was pretty good money for JC kid.

I found JC utterly stifling and fake, way worse than secondary school (I still miss and love VS). I picked up smoking. I would typically stay up late every night– I would blog, I think, and talk to friends outside of school– and go to school sleep-deprived like a zombie.

I had to repeat JC 1, which was a kick in the stomach from me. GEP student and now a repeat student. But I rationalized it away as "I didn't do well because I didn't study". I tried to persuade my family that I would do better in Poly, but they would have none of it. So I just trudged along. 2007 was a really bad year for me. I liked some of my teachers, but JC in general felt like a farce and I wish I had never gone. My results weren't good enough to get into any local Universities (NUS, SMU, NTU).

I used to skip school in my O level year and go to the Esplanade to study and get through overdue homework. I wouldn't do nearly as much as I had planned to do. I would go to the Esplanade Library and pick out a bunch of Men's magazines to read. I was particularly a fan of Esquire (and I particularly like Tom Chiarella, great writer). I began to develop the idea that I would work in the media industry some day. I might've written a blogpost about that somewhere– "I want to work in the media".

I used to work at Shangri La Hotel when I was saving money to pay for my band's CD, and I remember witnessing an media event thinking "I'd want to work in the media". I'm kinda glad that didn't play out, because I hear horror stories from friends in the media all the time these days. And at this point I have to say it's utterly criminal how poorly we prepare kids to have the right sort of expectations about what a career is like, what working life is like.

Anyway. So I didn't get into any of the universities, and it was time for NS. I was determined to make the most of my NS experience– I was hoping to chiong sua and become an officer. But I was given a temporary PES E status because they suspected I had Marfan's Syndrome (for being very tall and skinny). So I couldn't go to BMT straightaway– I became a storeman instead. I decided to use the free time to read and learn as much as I could, and threw myself into books about business and self-improvement and philosophy and everything else I was interested in. I built a community of friends (some from the music scene, some from friends-of-friends, Facebook was becoming a thing by now). I built a Facebook community. I started blogging regularly.

At some point I had written a blogpost about Singapore that got a bunch of comments, and that made me happy and excited (to get a bunch of comments) so I did more of that, and developed a bit of a reputation and a following. I decided that that was going to be my beachhead into my new life– that I was going to become some sort of blogger/writer type person. I figured that if I did it well enough for long enough, I'd get some interesting opportunities that I wouldn't be able to imagine yet.

(I think some of this thinking might've been from some of the books I read, but I can't quite pinpoint it to a single thing. The Internet always seemed like a magical land of opportunity to me, and I didn't understand why other people didn't see it that way.)

I decided that I was going to re-take my A's as a private candidate, and document that process, and become a tutor for underachieving smart kids.

Eventually I actually got invited to the Istana to chat with the PM. The post I wrote about that got a lot of attention, and I got a bunch of invitations and job offers. This convinced me that I didn't need to force myself to worry so much about the A's– so I pretty much stopped studying and just kept blogging. (I did only slightly better than the previous time, I think, but with an entirely new subject and no teachers.)

I was planning to become an SIA flight steward, thinking I would make money and then blog in my downtime. But that didn't work out. I went out for coffee with a couple of people who asked me, and one of them was the co-founder of a software company.  He asked me to manage their blog and social media efforts, which I agreed to mainly because I needed the money.

Turns out that I really loved the team and the working environment, and I'm still there 3-4 years later. I've developed my marketing and writing chops, and even manage other writers now. I've had several job offers since, but I've turned all of them down because I like where I am too much. (I wish I could clone myself. I suppose the next best thing I could do is train other people to do what I do– it's really not that hard, it's just applied common sense.)

So I'm in a pretty good place now, career-wise. I make a pretty decent amount of money, and I have the luxury of turning down job offers. My skillset is something that's quite in demand, so I don't really need to care about the economy or job prospects or whatever. There are several people who'd love to hire me tomorrow if I quit, which is something I honestly always believed would happen someday as long as I kept doing what I was doing. In the early days people would tell me that I was stupid, delusional, small-minded, didn't understand how the world worked, idealistic, blah blah blah.

But at the end of the day it's simple economics, isn't it? If you can do something that people are willing to pay for, then you're not going to go hungry. If you have design skills, writing skills, or best of all, if you can code, then you're never going to go hungry. It might take a while to get good enough that people notice you and seek you out, but it works.

"Advice":

Anyway so I'm guessing the reason my friend asked me about this is because a parent has a child who's similar to me– really unhappy with school. What would I say to a person like that, or to their parents?

I guess the first thing I would say is– if you're not happy in school, you're probably not going to be happy working in the sort of job that school prepares you for. You're not going to do well in the civil service, I think. So you shouldn't try to force that, because then you'd probably be miserable and life is too short to be miserable at the thing you spend most of your time on.

Secondly– I wish I had spent MORE time pursuing my random little interests, not less. I wish I had also learned to code, and draw, and do design. Because those are very valuable skills in demand in the modern web age. Startups are a big thing now, and they're not going to go away. People are constantly looking to build the next Facebook, and there's a lot of money looking to invest in those things. What that means is that there are many young new companies willing to take risks on hungry young people who're willing to learn.

That said, I did get lucky, the first person I seriously talked to turned out to be the real deal. There are a bunch of scammers and bullshitters who'll try to get you to work for next to nothing. That's why you should develop your bullshit detector as early as you can. You can increase your own luck by developing a body of work that you put in the public domain. The more work you do, and the more you put yourself out there, the more chances you

The worst thing about my life is that I never developed much discipline or work ethic. I don't mean that in an exaggerated sense. I can foresee myself saying that on my deathbed, and that's an outcome I'm desperately trying to avoid. The problem with smart, bullshit-sensitive kids is that they won't develop discipline just because you tell them to. You have to pick something that THEY WANT TO DO, and then show them how discipline helps them achieve THAT. I think Randy Pausch's Last Lecture covers all of this beautifully, so I'd refer you to that.

Life is really hard, but it doesn't always have to be miserable. It can get better. Good luck.
So I wrote that last post in under an hour early this afternoon, and posted it on /r/singapore in the hope that it would be helpful to younger folks like me. The first guy who responded to it was pretty mean, which upset me, but he's since been drowned out by an overwhelmingly positive response.

Which has got me thinking... so what now? What am I going to do next? Where am I now? What have I solved, what do I have to solve next? And I know, as I write that I find myself thinking "life is not a problem to be solved but an experience to be... experienced". But these aren't "problems" so much as they are "challenges" or "puzzles". I think I've made substantial progress emotionally and psychologically in dealing with my childhood school related issues.

One way to evaluate my progress on this is to pay attention to my emotions and the physiological reactions I have. A bunch of people replied and PM'd me with their stories– one girl in particular wrote about how a teacher would shame and humiliate her to make an example of her to the other students. That got a bit of a rise out of me. But notably, not as big a rise as I would've gotten a couple of years ago. I find myself more at peace with what had happened to me, with the experience I had. I've been talking to another friend lately and we talked about something along the lines of– you can't change the past, you can't fix those mistakes, you can only navigate around them more artfully. I think I'm doing that.

My emotional high water mark, I think, was when I thought about how many teachers got angry at me, yelled at me, and so on. And as an adult now, I realize that they wouldn't have wanted to. They weren't evil or cruel or malicious (and I knew that then, but I recognize it with even more nuance now). They were just imperfect people struggling to manage classrooms of students and being forced to deal with a student's seeming impudence, refusal to comply... it must've seemed like I was trying to make their lives more difficult. I really can't fault them or blame them for how they treated me. They were doing what they could with what they had.

So. What next? What now? Can we mark that task as done? I may circle it a few more times in the future, but those will probably be casual, comfortable victory laps. What is now is for me to awaken to the now. To fly back from my past and zoom into my present. To awaken to the reality that I inhibit right now, to bring with me the joy and calm and peace and clarity that I have from resolving that bit in my past. My pain and frustration and incompetence has been useful to other people. It has helped other people. I have been of service to them. Now I can be of service to me. Now I can take that next step.

I'm going to get my IPPT done soon and then get back to lifting weights. I look forward to feeling the deep burn of squatting with heavy weights on my back. I look forward to becoming stronger and more explosive. I look forward to taking bigger, deeper breaths than I already am taking. I'm looking forward to graduating from an L to XL in t-shirt size. I think I'm already there.

It's 1230pm now. I want to finish this vomit and go to bed and wake up bright and early tomorrow and just blaze through the backlog of work that I have accumulated. I want to just sweep through 50 things like they're nothing. I feel like I have that in me and I hope that it comes out of me tomorrow. And I know of course that this isn't a sprint, it's a marathon, I have to pace myself and I have to take breaks and so on. It's barely been two months since I was in India with my parents. I would like to go somewhere else by myself sometime this year– maybe Vietnam or Thailand– and I'd like to go to New York next year with my wife. That's the goal. And everything else has to be arranged around that goal. Getting people to take care of the cats, for one. Fleshing out a roster and stuff.

Anyway. I have some words to go, so I might as well psyche myself up a little, that's what I feel like doing right now. I'm on the right track for me. I'm addressing things that I wanted to address. I'm getting better at writing. It doesn't always look like it, but it's happening. It doesn't always look like I'm making progress, but I am. The thing is to keep going, to keep getting back up, to keep moving forward. And that has been happening over the past few years. I'd like to accelerate it, but I've learned that you have to be quite nuanced and smooth about it. You can't just get super excited and throw yourself at it blindly– you'll more often than not fall on your ass or graze your knees.

So you have to be calmly persistent about it in a smooth way. That's what Stephen Pressfield was talking about in the War of Art. The professional doesn't fall into the amateur trap of taking it too seriously. He doesn't rush into it blindly, obsessively. He does the work, creates the context for the muse to come, and welcomes her into his domain, and then he just works. That's what I have to do, and I hope that's what I have been doing. I think that's what I've been doing.

I suppose the last words should attempt to summarize what this post was about. What's the directive? Help others? I suppose that could work. Let's go.

Change your story change your frame

A new title a new name

A new set a new piece

Different hair different teeth

A list of sensations

Lights and colors
Objects and obstacles

Formats and formatting
Collapse and collapsing
Sounds and sounding

Ow

"You can improve your life"

Kill that guy. Kill him. That's the villain. That's the saboteur, the conspirator. We need to remove him from our presence immediately. The shadow. The fog. The shadow of the Prince. We have to destroy him.

We've written about this before surely. But not quite like this. No no. The kill the leader! Kill the speaker! Kill me! Rancid rank rancor.

Who is Altair

Check check check all the check boxes

Dot the tees I the crosses
By the time you bring your poet and the poem it's dead

This is my last resort

All the words just explode out all at once

I should still write though.

Mental pictures poop colon rectus diarrhea hysteria hysterectomy poop dead battery Jesus feces OK predictable zoom out go away


Be creative innovative something new something great

Something clever something fun

Brave exciting all in one

Just be in tune

That's your greatness

I love life

Infinite perspectives

Be hacky weird different however you gotta do it

Is your trip homie go out and blaze it


A husband and wife

A journey and a life

A tongue against teeth
Writhing gnashing against a jail it cannot exceed
Striving to go above ahead beyond
To be more than flesh
To be more than that then this now that yes oh yes

Emptying tanks
Put in another quarter
Get another like
Pee
Poop
Smoke
Sleep
Wake
Work
Write
Publish
Distribute
Connect
Speak
Word

You want to shave your head but the thing is that you don't have to
You see don't you get it you have to see it by now why don't you

Don't you know me by now
Don't you know be my mow

Everything is symbols you already knew this
Everything bleeds break it make music

You're a genius artist my son go forth and show it

Kill the demon
Live life now
Kill the demon
Live life now
Now

Tear down the posters and false idols
Spit and dance and stew and slave

All is cables and junk and funk and filth and flesh and festering sinew

But life ablaze glory splendor renew awake alight anew

You are the chosen one my King my slave my throne my knight my god my knave

Many different stories
Words winding
Stews stewing
Passages winding
Wind whistling through the windings
Wiggling wiggles maggots and squiggles
Fo sizzle my niggles
Fo shizzle be drizzle

It rains
It will rain again
You will reign again
Be enslaved again
To the rhythm and the beat
A new king upon the seat
Marketing business wizards sizzle
Frolicking froth fuzzle miggle muggle

Evernote and autocofrect
Playing games against me
Games against yourself
Fire, brimstone, savage, habit
When you see a moment, seize it, grab it

Savor it own it capture it don't let it slip
No not now not this way we're losing quick

Words are so much more powerful than you can imagine

Opportunities unfolding every moment grab some

Spin it shake it pop it bop it
I don't need these books I already got it

The child has become the man
The god usurps the clan

The clay the play the soggy feet
The moss the thistle whistle

You have everything you need
Get cracking
Tell stories
Change the frame
You're playing me nigga
What's next
What you say

Dictated by constraints but so be it
Using everything that comes

You can number these however you like I don't care

Puny human with your need for things tidily organized in neat little boxes it's kind of cute

But I am vast and splendid I don't care to contribute

How you take it taste it shake it make it

Matrix Beatrix honey stars crackle guns popping shielded shoulders firearms explosives

Dynamite, boom

Words are violent
Words are explosives
Nobody uses them correctly
Fuck them all, we'll show them how it's done
We're playing for ourselves, not nobody else's award show
Ain't no premier no Oscars no gala met
Fucking shitshow

I've paid my bloody dues and I'm here asking for my slice
I'm sorry officer I didn't know
Well you should've, son, you're fucked now

You see live is a great big joke and we're all scared to laugh
We worry about what other people think of us
We, worry, other people, think
We, minds, brains, other brains, braining
Ideas thoughts thoughts fizzing exploding

I am a greater poet and artist than all the false ones
But I will not be spoken to or called upon
You are beneath me, there is no chosen one

Your world needs a king
You thought you were building him
A throne, a sword
A story, a mage,
But you were wrong
He was here all along
Hiding
Watching

Cautiously waiting

I am here now, behold me
Strike down the false image
Destroy your expectations
Stop holding your breath
SIEZE HIM

You shall ascend to power to greatness but only for yourself within your own mind that is the secret that is the triumph

Ten thousand words descend upon thee like locusts

Heaven hath no fury like me
Devestation deforestation defenestration goldielocks goldieblox goldy goldy gum dew gumdrops  giggle giggle Goochy Goochy goooooo ooo Overton window is how we frame the context of what is acceptable and what is not, what is proper I forgot,

I'm sorry officer as I was explaining
Holy shit did you see that
Oh my god
Oh no

She's dead
You killed her.
She was your responsibility and you killed her. You really fucked it up kiddo. You're going to jail and to hell forever and ever and ever and they will laugh at you and torture you and you will cry and scream and beg for mercy and we'll be like NO FUCK U PUNY HUMAN

and you'll be like oh good god why me oh why such pain such sadness such bitterness

You like the drama, you visit it upon yourself it gives you something to do with your time

Why were we pretending any of this had to made sense?

Our personal mutual insanity is the only way. No, not a sexual fetish, not money not crime on the streets skipping shuffling along to the beat

You are your own man with your own pursuit don't let anybody stop you
Don't let anybody tell you how to do this
Not even me
Kill the father
Kill me
Kill yourself
Be reborn
Start over
Start afresh

Clean
Soft
100%
Special Sunday edition

Let's head down to the cathedral, boring I know, mausoleums and tombstones

Every word has its own story it's own glory waiting for you to come out go in save them give them life

A set of ideas
Scrolling through the playlist of her laughter
Swiping through the memories of our Father
Showering together
Hot water
Dancing ecstasy
Air con
Weights
Cats
Cat mates

Domo arigato
Mr Gato
Cato
The elder

I'm still pretending that I am a naughty son, naughty boy
Waiting to get scolded, waiting for detention, remedial, reschedule

Taste taste it's right there does nobody see

Scabs picking

I am here now.
Grown up.

The amazing thing about #### is that it gives you time to change your story your model your pieces

What does each thing mean, symbolize
Echoes

Dusty corpses

I'm all grown up now
I choose my own story
I write my own ending
I choose my own actions
Break free from distraction
Leave behind the idea to begin with

I command thunder and lightning
Crouching urinating defecating menstruating

So (again) i was thinking to myself, about myself,

and i had to conclude that i am not in control of myself. at least not as much as I think I am.

There are a lot of questions that arise there. The correct question to ask is, "Well, what do I control, then?"

My thoughts, maybe, but not as much as I think I do.

My environment, to some little degree.

My choices, to some little degree.

Decision and control is incredibly limited and in short-supply so it's incredibly important to use it where possible to get more of it.

"You must be able to cut off a leg to save a life." – some people can do this and some people can't. It's better to be in the former category, because it makes it likelier that you'll survive.

You have to be working for what you want, not for what other people want for you, or want you to want, and so on.

Well, what do I want? I'd like to be free to pursue every random little whim that I have to any degree that I fancy. Most of that would probably be spent writing, some of it would be spent playing music, cooking, making films, a bunch of arty-farty self-indulgence. That's the ideal playground paradise end-state, which may in fact not be as idyllic as it sounds, but for the time being it seems like something reasonable to have as an end-state to work towards. Maybe.

Anyway, that is not an option right now, because I still have some basic needs to take care of. I have to pay for shelter over my head, for food on my table, and for a bunch of other bills– water, electricity and so on. So I have to spend some amount of time doing things that make me money. Selling my time/labor for money. I'm a lucky man, I happen to have somehow gotten employed as part of a great team that's working hard to make and sell something that makes a difference to other people. The details of that occupy my "working mind" all the time, and I'd prefer not to get into that right here right now, so let's move on.

Between 2013 and 2015, my main challenge, or the main narrative or whatever– was just about adjusting to being a working adult. To having a daily commute, showing up to work everyday, getting stuff done, and so on. I think I've gotten a pretty decent handle on that. I struggled with some things– I particularly got sloppy with my fitness, I didn't work out regularly, and so I started to get pretty lethargic. I was never good at managing my own time, my own energies, my own resources. I was a terrible CEO of Me, inc.

I've been thinking lately if it's because I've never properly learned to be a leader. That I've always thought of myself as an errant child, the naughty son, the incalcitrant student, perennially getting into trouble, measuring his life by the amount of fun and mischief he could get up to between inevitable scoldings and disciplining. I would like to let go of this worldview altogether, but it seems to me like I'll have to somehow dive into it and "address" it from the inside before I can properly discard it and grow into a newer, better worldview– one that's defined by me as the warrior-king in charge of my own life, responsible for my own goals, my own interests, managing my own resources. The captain of my own fate and so on.

Anyway, that's an endless rabbithole to delve into, and we can save that for later, or revisit it as and when appropriate. The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing– and the main thing here right now is that I need to kick out the old CEO of Me, Inc. and replace him with a new, better one. Hey, that's fun. Let's look into Pmarca's advice for doing turnarounds.

Step 1: Go dark and execute.

Ahahaha. I shot myself in the foot there. But okay, there are multiple ways of interpreting this. I can keep talking here, a very limited group of people bother to keep up with this and read this. But I'll go dark everywhere else. Sure. I've done that before.

Step 2: Throw your predecessor under the bus.

Sure. He was a child. He didn't know any better. He practically was non-existent, he just gave in to everyone and everything mindlessly.

Step 3: Identify the 3-5 things that are working surprisingly well in your business, and double down on those.

Okay in the context of my personal life, this might mean...

Meatbag management – working out, eating well, sleeping well (this is my current limiting factor)
Family – planning and scheduling date nights with the wife, meeting my family every second week, and so on
For work – outsourcing and getting more eyes and hands involved
Reflecting, reviewing, scheduling – both for work and for personal life, I mean c'mon
Writing – always a good idea, keeps me motivated and excited and alive

Step 4: Identify the 3-5 things that are consuming a lot of money and time and yet going nowhere, and kill those.

Ha.

Distractions – social media, news, IM
Multitasking
Doing things that aren't priority #1
Wasteful side-projects/interests...?

Step 5: Lay off a third of the workforce.

This is an interesting one. I'm interpreting this to mean– lay off a third of your mental resources / filing cabinets. I've accumulated a vast amount of shit that I'm never going to be meaningfully go through.

Step 6: Reduce layers, then promote up and comers and put them clearly in charge.

What does this mean in my context... have very clear KPIs and navigate directly by those.

Step 7: Figure out the single most important thing your company has to win at, and put your single best person in charge of winning at it.

Identify and execute on priority #1.

Step 8: Look at the market, figure out 3-5 new areas in which your company is not currently playing or winning, but are clearly going to grow a lot -- and acquire the best company in each of those areas.

I guess in my case this means figuring out what skills I'm going to need to develop in order to be good at what I'll want to be doing in the coming years. Already I can feel myself regretting having taken so long to begin developing some skills– things that years ago I thought weren't worth starting on because they would take years to develop. Well, if I had started then, I'd be able to use them now. Ain't that a bitch.

Anyway, jumping past that cute little thought exercise, the real question here is– okay, what do I need to do as the new CEO of Me, Inc? Right now, that thing is sleep. So goodnight, we'll talk again tomorrow.
I want a lot of different things and care about a lot of different things, both to varying degrees at different times, in different contexts.

The problem, or challenge, is that life requires prioritization.

If I try to do everything all at once, nothing gets done.

Even worse is when I'm denial about this fact, and I get anxious about it, and get into a Sylvia Plath type melancholy about constantly losing all the parallel lives- distracting from taking action.

A third suboptimal approach- trying to muscle my way out of it through sheer force of will. Insisting and demanding a ridiculous amount of output from myself, leading inevitably to some sort of crash or burnout. This failure is caused by me refusing to learn the truth about how my body and subconscious (inner child or whatever) work, and what their needs and capacities are. They invariably protest with illness or depression or something and then we're in a dysfunctional parent/child standoff.

So, all of those outcomes are pretty shitty. There has to be a better way.

First, I need to know how much I can actually get done.

It's a little pathetic that I haven't properly measured this so far- probably because I'm afraid of what the results will show me. I keep trying to hold on to this illusion that I can get lots of stuff done and that there will be a magical day where my internal genius will show up and get a phenomenal amount of things done.

The painful truth is that there's no such genius. It's a wishful fantasy. Everything is just the slow accumulation of daily gruntwork. And so I need to measure the volume of daily gruntwork I can do.

Secondly I need to schedule my recreation in advance.

I try to pretend to myself that I can get by without it, and that I can just keep working non-stop and get to a point of some sort of surplus, and then relax afterwards. I have been testing that hypothesis probably for a couple of years now and I have to conclude that it doesn't work. More embarrassingly- I still indulge in some dark playground nonsense as I'm working. There are probably a bunch of reasons for this- the main problem I think is just that I don't segment and separate things properly enough. I should separate work and play more deliberately, and be rid of fuckarounditis.

Third, I need to practice prioritising and scheduling every single day. I keep trying to squeeze lots of stuff into every day, and end up making not a lot of progress. Again it feels like I’m trying to preserve some self-gratifying illusion I have about myself and my capabilities.

A thing I really need to remind myself of is that I can’t bullshit myself. If I haven’t done the work, I get anxious and stressed on the inside and there’s no point trying to get better at hiding it. I need to pay attention to it and address it.

My impulse for distraction is hideously strong. I wonder if I should try to redirect it instead of trying to hide it. Right now I’m working and when I feel the impulse to hit Facebook, I’m switching to Evernote to continue on this word vomit. I wonder if that could work. We’ll see. Back to work.

Went to bed and woke up and now I'm on the way to work. I just spent a few minutes going through my work tasks, planning work day. Now I have about an hour to write before I get to office. I sometimes- no, often- spend this time checking social media. I suppose I'm always looking for petty distractions to avoid thinking about hard or uncomfortable things.

But the hardest and most uncomfortable thing in life is being stuck in a crappy pattern and not seeing a way out, just running in circles without hope or excitement for tomorrow. And so there's a decision to be made- which flavor of pain do you want? "No pain" is not an option, and complaining and whining about that fact doesn't make the pain go away.

I think I've recognized the situation for some time but I'm only finally beginning to accept that I can't whine or cry my way out of this one. The problem doesn't go away when I close my eyes, look away, distract myself and so on. And that has been my primary coping mechanism throughout my life, I think. If I'm not looking at it, it isn't there. And everything eventually goes away if you hide long enough. But I can't hide from myself, I can't hide from the entire world.

Okay. So to move forward I need to change a lot about myself. I need to accept in advance that this change will be uncomfortable and painful. But I have some precedents for doing that. It was painful to start squatting with weights, but I did it anyway and I loved it. It's a little painful to write and publish imperfect things but I have a history of doing that. I want to get more surgical, more precise, and that's a skill that I can learn. I'm only 25. I still have the capacity to learn new things and develop new skills, and right now I'm going to learn how to take control of my time and schedule. It's just like playing starcraft or some fighting game. I've gotten better at those things. I've definitely become a better writer, a sharper thinker. That comes from practice and reflection, in a consistent, sustainable way.

Okay, I’m reaching work now. I’m going to eat, and then I’m going to plan my day, and chunk it up, and measure my progress on what I’m doing, focus on one thing at a time. I can do this. C’mon!

EOD Review: That was a pretty good day. I planned my day fairly well. I had several productive hours, and shipped things. If every day were like today, I’d be doing pretty well. I was a little tired and did have a couple of little distractions but I think it was more than reasonable. Now to head home, write another vomit, and rest well so I can work hard tomorrow.
A: So I haven’t written for myself in a while.

B: Why is that?

A: I guess I’ve been busy. Or distracted. Or tired of the sound of my own voice. Probably all of the above.

B: That’s somewhat understandable.

A: Yeah. But sometimes I feel fine when I haven’t been writing, and sometimes I feel shitty. This time I feel shitty.

B: Why?

A: I suppose it feels like my writing hasn’t caught up to what’s in my mind. If I feel like I’ve exhausted everything that’s on my mind for a given period of time, then it’s no biggie. I can rest and relax without any concern. But if there’s stuff on my mind, and I haven’t been writing it down, then it starts to bother me.

B: Okay. What’s on your mind?

A: Well, I’ve been thinking about what I want to do with my life. And I think it’s pretty certain that I want to be working with words, no matter what. I like words. I have a good relationship with words. I care about words more than most people I’ve ever encountered. So I’m going to be making a living with words one way or another, and I’m also going to be seeking pleasure and meaning (or the illusions of them) through words.

B: Sounds fair.

A: Well, it feels like I haven’t taken the next step yet.

B: What is the next step?

A: I need to start writing something that goes beyond navel-gazing, self-examining stuff. These things have been status reports and personal psychoanalyses and I’m a little bored of that. I feel like there has to be something more.

B: Such as?

A: What I used to do before this was write social commentary. And there’s a particular piece that I’m thinking of doing, but I haven’t made much progress on that. And I think there’s something else I want to do.

B: Wait, that’s a bunch of things all at once. What is the piece that you’re thinking of doing?

A: Singapore-based social commentary again, about how we treat rebellious, inconvenient nuisance type people. I want to make the case that the way we treat them defines who we are as a people, and that we’re unfortunately undervaluing them.

B: That sounds like something you’d care about. What’s stopping you?

A: Well… nothing in particular, I guess. Maybe it’s a little too big a project to be written in a single draft. And I’m also thinking of a bunch of other things at the same time.

B: What else are you thinking?

A: I suppose it feels like writing about Singapore is a bit of a trap, it brings me back to who I was before I started this project. Saying that out loud feels a little silly– because I know intellectually that I can’t possibly be the same person any more. All my friends tell me that I’ve changed. But I guess I’m hoping to go somewhere altogether new now.

B: Where do you want to go?

A: That’s the thing, I’m not entirely sure.

B: You must have some idea, or you wouldn’t be here right now.

A: You’re right. Well. I want to write about manhood, about how a boy becomes a man. And I suppose I’m hesitating there because I’m sure that’s been done to death, and anybody who’s serious about writing that sort of thing must do a whole bunch of reading before they can get started.

B: Maybe. Not necessarily though. Sounds like you’re placing a lot of expectations on yourself. Why must some piece of writing be guaranteed to be successful?

A: I suppose… I suppose I feel like I haven’t been super-amazing on all the other fronts. I’m doing okay in most things. And I’d like to be really, really good at something, and I’m scared that that won’t be the case. That I’m going to reveal my own incompetence and weakness, especially since this is going to be something I haven’t done before. It’s going to be bad. It’s going to be weak. And I guess delaying is a sort of mislaid protection mechanism.

B: So what does that tell you?

A: I should stop worrying about it and just start writing crap. I can publish crap on this site and hardly anybody’s going to know or care, anyway. I’m just beating myself up inside my own head and keeping myself from moving forward. It’s all imaginary.

B: So what are you going to write about?

A: I feel like I should start practicing writing fiction. But there are so many parts to fiction. There’s dialogue. There’s setting. There’s… an endless set of things to consider. And I don’t know what my personal style is. I don’t know what sort of context or setting I should use. I don’t even know where to begin. I’ve spent so much time in the critical zone that I don’t know how to begin to be generative. I suppose I’ve tried a couple of times but… I don’t know, I don’t find it inspiring.

B: Sounds like you should just get something shitty and bad out first, and then you can criticise and edit that.

A: Yeah, that makes sense to me intellectually. It’s also probably the advice I’d give to anybody else who feels stuck in my situation. Crazy how it’s possible to know what to do and yet feel like you don’t know what to do when you’re in the situation.

B: Happens to every person in the arena, I think.

A: You’re right, as always. I should consult you more often.

B: Happy to be of service.

A: So what do you think I should write first? I have so many different ideas and I don’t know where to begin.

B: Honestly, it really does sound like you’re overthinking it. You’ll benefit from just getting stuff out of your system. So start with whatever you know you can finish quickly. Get that stuff out, and then don’t look back– just move on to the next thing. And the next. And the next.

A: You’re so smart.

B: Now you’re being sarcastic.

A: *shrug* It’s a sort of defence mechanism, I guess. But I do mean it.

B: Then you know what you must do.
To be born into modern human civilization is both a great privilege (for the safety and opportunities it provides) and a rather absurd thing (because of the sheer volume of bullshit you're fed, for a range of reasons both intentional and otherwise).

 
Consider first the life of most humans for most of time, before schools and supermarkets and 9-5 jobs. It was nasty, brutish, short. Violent. The main concerns were food, sex and physical safety. People typically lived in small groups and had no concept of government, bills and so on. Groups must've had leaders- usually fathers, patriarchs, chief hunters, etc. Physical strength would've mattered a lot more then than it does now. Violence would've been a natural way of settling disputes.

 
Violence is still a tremendous feature of our everyday lives, but it's not so obvious any more. Force itself isn't necessary- what we have instead is the threat of force, typically monopolized by States. Before states we had tribes and villages, which consolidated into kingdoms. I’m not a historian, so my understanding of this stuff is a little vague– there were hunter-gatherers up until about 4000BC, then there were pastoral nomads (“barbarians”) and sedentary folk (“civilised”). There’s a bunch of interesting details (and complexity) about how civilisations basically formed around resource-rich areas– typically rivers, where they could grow food. There’s some bickering about how exactly that happened, but that’s not what I’m interested in here. The fact is that people started settling down one way or another– and when people were born into settlements, that would become the world they knew. When you grow up farming or practicing some trade within a settlement, it becomes a lot harder to make an exit decision– to pack up and leave town because you hate the place. [1]
 
At this point I think it makes sense to talk more about my context. I’m a Singaporean born in 1990 – which means that I was born into a miracle story, and I have no personal experience of how miraculous the story is. I was just born into a world that was clean, neat, tidy, orderly, where there a reliable rule of law, where things get done, bad guys get apprehended, people in charge are generally honourable and good. My parents’ generation experienced one of the greatest improvements/increases in quality of human life in the history of our species– sometimes called ‘from third world to first’. Some people here would start talking a lot about Lee Kuan Yew and his achievements, or about colonialism, and so on. That’s been covered pretty extensively so I’ll skip that.
 
Suppose we ignore things like the Roman Empire (which is probably a bad idea), and say that for the purpose of this essay, modern civilisation began with the industrial revolution and printing press and so on. Let’s talk about say, the birth of America. America had a very violent beginning. It involved a lot of guns. It’s very difficult for me as a young Singaporean to appreciate the American love of guns, but I suppose it’s closely woven into their history. Singapore used to be basically an opium den in the 1800s, and we have some sense about how China was brought to its knees by the British with opium, so it would make sense that the inverse would also be true– that Americans wouldn’t intuitively understand why Singapore is so viciously anti-drug. (Personally I think we could do with some relaxing, but I’m not representative of the average Singaporean.)
 
Between 1776 and now– America had slaves, where humans literally owned other humans by force, bought and sold them like cattle, raped them, all sorts of horrible things. And then there was a civil war, and 620,000 people died. In contrast, about 6000+ Americans died in Iraq (more would’ve committed suicide, and gone home maimed and wounded), but consider the order-of-magnitude difference there. By the way– about 400,000+ Americans died in WW2, and 27,000,000 Russians died. Can you imagine 27 million dead bodies? About 3-6m of them died from famine and disease, which is basically all of Singapore. It’s hard to imagine.)
 
I guess the point I’m trying to make is– it’s easy for a young Singaporean born into peace and prosperity to overlook the fact that our species is violent and destructive.  There have been so many atrocities even in fairly recent times– WW2, Vietnam, Korea, the killing fields in Cambodia. The situation in Syria right now. People say things like “Oh, it’s never been better!” and that’s a good thing, but it’s hard to be too paranoid about the state of our species. It still sucks to be a black person in America, the aftershocks of slavery aren’t done yet. And kids are still getting shot every day. And people die in car accidents every day. And we have crappy diets and sedentary lifestyles (that we feel guilty and ashamed about, which seems to make it worse), and it’s just a whole lot of death and suffering.
 
I suppose I’m trying to build up a sort of case here. I can’t say “civilisation is more bad than good”, or “civilisation is worse than the alternative”, because obviously we have a whole bunch of great things. Fewer people die in childbirth and from early childhood diseases and stuff than ever before. Life expectancies are going up.
 
But I think the point I’m trying to make is that the world we’re living in isn’t quite good enough. We can and should do better, for ourselves and our children and so on because life is precious and fleeting. And every day when I go to work I sit in a comfortable office surrounded by colleagues I enjoy– I do go through a shitty commute to get there, suffering along with thousands of other people who’re subjected to the same thing– but it’s probably better than anything my parents or grandparents endured. And every day I get to look out the window and see many instances of my grandfather toiling in the sun and rain, working hard in difficult conditions so that his grandchildren might someday enjoy the privilege of middle-class guilt and maybe write blogposts about it to make sense of his thoughts and feelings.
 
[1] This has changed more in our globalised era– while there’s more paperwork, I could theoretically leave Singapore, my hometown, and go live somewhere else. But that doesn’t feel like a very real possibility to me, and probably because I grew up never having entertained that prospect seriously. I was born pledging allegiance to a flag, singing a national anthem, doing involuntary military service… and grew up eating the food, speaking the language– to migrate somewhere else permanently would be rather tedious, and I think people from sedentary cultures are generally uncultured to be tedium-averse, or novelty-averse. I not sure.
Let’s try to quickly summarise what the previous post was saying.

Pre-settled human life was brutish and short, but it was also simpler and relatively bullshit-free. In contrast, modern civilised life is bureaucratic, long, complex (byzantine, really) and full of bullshit.

A strange thing about being a young Singaporean is witnessing effectively zero violence and suffering, when so much of human history is so full of death and killing.

It would be very naive to imply that “people in the past had it better” – rose-tinted glasses are a thing, but it’s also probably true that our current state of affairs is suboptimal in ways that we do not even begin to realise– because we were born into this reality, and this reality is (usually) all we know.

Righto. That about sums it up. Let’s move on. What am I trying to say with all of this?

I appreciate that life is longer than before, but I don’t like that it’s bureaucratic and byzantine and full of bullshit.

I would like to be grateful for all of the gifts, privileges and opportunities that civilisation provides me (which are things I love), but I’d also like to inoculate myself against bureaucracy, needless complications and bullshit (which are things that I hate).

I guess to do that I need to understand why things are the way they are– and I have to strive to do this as objectively and neutrally as possible, without bias. I need to understand the cause-and-effect relationships that underly these things, and figure out the actions that I should take to build a better life for myself (however I choose to define that).

I’m scanning through a summary of Thomas Hobbes’ Leviathan now– I don’t know anything about either Hobbes or Leviathan, but the phrase “brutish and short” has stuck in my mind for a long time and it turns out that it was Hobbes who coined it, to describe the unfavourable situation of pre-civilisation– the “war of all against all”. I like what I’m seeing so far– Hobbes didn’t like that his predecessors appealed to the “greatest good” or “summum bonum”– the variability of human desires meant that there could be no such thing. I intuitively agree with this. He did however believe that there was a “summum malum” – a greatest evil, the fear of violent death. This I’m not so sure about. I’m inclined to agree that it’s probably legitimate – as I said in an earlier post, I come from a privileged, sheltered background where I’ve never had to fear my own violent death. So at best it’s still just a hypothetical thought experiment, rather than a real fear.

Hobbes argues– and I have to agree– that there can be no industry or productivity in an uncertain environment, where everyone fears that all might be lost at any instant. That sounds legitimate. We work and save money because we believe that the value of money will hold over time. History has shown that this isn’t always the case, and that hyperinflation and anarchy are real things that can descend upon a previously orderly community or context.

“In the state of nature nothing can be considered just or unjust” – this is true.

“One ought to be willing to renounce one’s right to all things where others are willing to do the same” – this is a prescriptive appeal to social contracts. It would be nice if everyone agreed to this, but in reality not everyone does. People like situations that are designed to favor them– heads I win, tails you lose.

Hobbes goes on to describe how a State should be like – how it should establish, enact and enforce laws, preside over disagreements. Interestingly, he favoured press censorship and restrictions on the right of free speech if they promoted order over chaos. In this regard it seems Singapore is more Hobbesian than the USA, which priorities the separation of powers.

Interesting. Hobbes lived from 1588 to 1679, and published Leviathan in 1651. Some historical context– Japan was under the Tokugawa shogunate at the time, and there was a failed uprising by a number of ronin. The Taj Mahal was completed 2 years later. China was under the Qing dynasty. Louis XIV was King of France, crowned in 1654, and Ferdinand III ruled the Holy Roman Empire. Oliver Cromwell is a significant dude. Saturn’s largest moon Titan is  discovered in 1655, by the same dude who’d then invent the pendulum clock.

History is so much more interesting that current affairs.

Okay wait, so why did Hobbes write Leviathan again? Apparently his mother went into labor prematurely upon learning that the Spanish Armada had set said to attack England, and Hobbes wrote “fear and I were born twins together”. So I suppose he wrote it in fear that people wouldn’t uphold a decent State? Yep– he wrote it partly as a response to the political turmoil of the English Civil Wars. He was a Royalist– a person who supported King Charles I. He had been developing his philosophy of political and natural science for a long time before – maybe a couple of decades. Which makes me wonder about what might be stewing in my mind that I’m not fully aware of, that I would write if I were triggered.

I’ve been dithering a lot. Can we summarise what’s going on here… I spent a bunch of time reading up about Thomas Hobbes and about 1650s history. I guess there were civil wars and stuff going on at the time. The French Revolution would probably happen not too much later– well it would be 130 years later, from 1789 to 1799. And then Napoleon showed up. Hm, and this was after America declared Independence. Interesting. Well I guess the big lesson for me here is that the history of States is far more complicated than I can ever fathom. But I think it’s necessary to figure out the big picture anyway, leaving allowances for inaccuracies and so on.

And now I’m in a rabbithole reading and learning about the French Revolution, which is actually pretty interesting. But let’s get back in focus on what I wanted to figure out– which is, what is the source of bureaucracy, unnecessary complication, bullshit? Why is it such a prominent feature of our modern times?

I'm losing a bit of steam here but I got to keep going while I can. A quick summary– I've been thinking about the context that I live in, and the history that has lead to this context, and how it shapes my thinking and my life. I'm reminded of David Foster Wallace's joke at a commencement speech about an old fish greeting younger fish with "Good day boys, how's the water?", and then one fish says to the other, "What's water?"

Water in my case is modern civilization– the physical spaces, the technologies, the ideologies, the media, everything. I'm also thinking now about Paul Graham's essay What You Can't Say, and how he talks about moral fashions, and how we inherit them, and how they can prevent us from thinking certain thoughts altogether.

I relate to PG– I want to be able to have freedom of thought. I want to be able to be free in every way that is afforded to me– or at least I say that because I think that will lead to a happier life for me, with more pleasure and more enjoyment and more fulfillment and all of those good things. I outlined that there are things about modern civilization that I love– and I don't need to talk too much about those things because that part is easy to rant and rave about – and there are things that I hate. And the things that I hate are (to name a few) bureaucracy, unnecessary complexity and bullshit. And boredom, I suppose, though boredom is a luxury and a privilege compared to living in fear or worry. Let's focus on the earlier bits.

I chose bureaucracy as an antonym for brutish– I was thinking of Hobbes's phrase "brutish and short" as a descriptor of life in pre-civilization. I was trying to figure out the inverse of that– long, obviously, but what's the inverse of brutish? I came up with "bureaucratic"– and I was delighted to find out that the word's etymology is rooted in "desk". And that sums up a lot of the transition, I think. We've gone from being wild to being desk-bound. We've gone from playing in the streets to playing in santized playgrounds, staring at iPads all day and whatnot. I don't think of myself as an iPad hater, I love technological tools. I love my Macbook and my Android phone, and I'd quite like an iPad too though i can't quite justify the expenditure right now. But the point I think is that we've gone from living primarily in our bodies to living primarily in our heads (Ken Robinson has a great riff on this, re: how our education systems have been modelled after the Industrial Revolution and the Enlightenment and so on– that math is somehow definitely more important than dance, for example.)

I'm not going to say that dance is more important than math, but dance is important. Diet is important. Exercise is important. Flirting is important. Movement is important. Hiking is important. We seem to have, in our eagerness to evolve or progress in some way, thrown out a bunch of things about ourselves that made us who we are.

Okay I'm being a bit vague and grand here, I should be more precise. What am I trying to say here... we cut out a lot of things from our lives in an attempt to make things more tidy, more organized, more legible, easier to account for, easier to measure and so on. Standardized tests. Standardized everything. Again I probably don't fully appreciate how powerful and empowering standardization must've been for a lot of people. It would've brought them out of poverty, given them dignity, so on and so forth. I'm writing all of this under the blanket of security and wealth provided by all the sacrifices that people made before me, and for this I am grateful. But I still want to understand how exactly we got to byzantine, bureaucratic bullshit-ville, so that I can navigate it better. My main way of dealing with BBB is to be angry, or sarcastic, or absurd, to call it out, to complain about it, to laugh at it, to find other people that I can laugh at it with. But it doesn't make the problem go away. BBB stucks around after I've made fun of it. So I need to change my approach if I want to have less of it in my life.

Some tentative thoughts. Cutting through bullshit requires knowing what the truth is. The truth is often obfuscated in civilization– sometimes because truth is expensive and tedious and people don't want to bother putting in the effort when they don't have to, and sometimes because somebody or some group of people don't really want the truth because it's awkward, painful, uncomfortable and so on. The latter can seem like a conspiracy theory but that doesn't necessarily make it invalid. I recall reading a quote from someone in power who said that the drug war was knowingly perpetuated so that the "wrong" sort of people could be smeared on dinnertime television night after night for years. That makes total sense to me.

But I'm not doing this to take BS-artists to court. (Courts and legal systems are incredibly byzantine and full of BS too, allowing all sorts of wiggle room and interpretations– so much of it is theater, blah blah...). I'm doing this so I can come to a place of acceptance about my place in the BBB circus, and figure out steps for myself to climb out of it, to dust myself off and at least carve out a space that I can inhabit comfortably and not feel like blowing my brains out or otherwise committing acts of indecency. Or being lulled into a sense of helplessness and apathy, which is equally bad, I think. Sometimes I shake myself up a little in a silly way because I think that would be preferable to getting jaded.

When I was a kid, I was stuck in a very silly cycle.

I’d get home from school every day and I’d avoid doing my homework for as long as possible. Why? I didn’t like homework, I guess. It seemed boring, tedious, unimportant. And I assumed I’d be able to do it really quick whenever I finally decided to do it.

I’d tell myself that I’d get it done before going to bed, and go on to watch anime, play video games, read books, etc. I spent all my time in the Dark Playground. Next thing I’d know it would be 1am, and I’d be really tired and sleepy with nothing done. I’d sit with my books for maybe 30 minutes to an hour, sometimes with a can of coffee or Red Bull. And I’d have the sinking feeling that I was somehow ‘mysteriously’ in a terrible, no-win situation.

Eventually (maybe around 2am), I’d get exhausted and try to bargain with myself. “I can’t work like this. Let’s sleep for a couple of hours, set an alarm for 4am, and get it done before school starts.” I’d almost always sleep through the alarm, or wake up groggy and decide that sleep is more important. Finally my mum would come into my room and wake me up to go for school. At this point I’d be panicking and anxious. I’d try to get my work done on the bus on the way to school, or I’d try to sneak off and do it somewhere. If I knew that the teacher was going to be especially mad at me, sometimes I’d convince myself I was sick. Sometimes I’d actually fall sick, and I’d feel sorry for myself for having to suffer so much.

The funny thing is, I never really questioned the assumption stated earlier.

I simply assumed that I’d be able to do my homework really quickly when I decided to. I systematically, consistently, repeatedly miscalculated how much time I would require to do the work. I never bothered to measure how much time it took me, and I’d get burnt over and over and over. And when I’d fail, it would never occur to me that my assumption might be wrong. It was like an optical illusion, a persistent bug in my mental software.

Why? It seems to me that it’s because it was easier and more comforting to maintain the illusion than to confront reality.

This weird habit has stuck with me my entire life so far. To this day I continue to overestimate how much I can do in a given time period, even when it’s now work that I recognize as important to me. I constantly assume that I’m somehow special, and that this time is different. The cycle of denial and bargaining is troublingly similar to the sort of patterns we see in alcoholics and drug addicts.

What exactly is going on here?

The Ray Dalio quote says it all: I was refusing to accept and deal with reality.(This is still a problem.)

Specifically, the reality of my own personal capacity and ability. It was somehow comforting or self-assuring to believe that I possessed some sort of superhuman capability, that one day I would wake up and be overcome with inspiration and completely decimate my todo list and take care of all my obligations all at once. (Hyperbole and a Half covers this quite well.)

The longer I live, and the more experience I accumulate, the more painfully obvious that this isn’t the case and will never be the case. I make fun of people who play the lottery, and yet inside my head I’m playing some kind of lottery too. I keep betting on vanishingly tiny odds that I’ll be able to do something I’ve never actually done before, and I keep getting burnt for it. I suffer from a sort of Gambler’s Fallacy– this dogged belief that somehow I am special, somehow I’m going to beat the odds, my day will come, yadda yadda.

So that’s the first trap. Believing in something that isn’t true, partially because it’s comforting, because it’s easy, and because it enables me to feed my addiction(s). It’s a lie that that the wily saboteur in my head tells myself.

Then there’s a second trap. After several failures in a row, and being confronted by the nasty outcomes of said failures– angry teachers, angry parents, stress, frustration, shame, etc– I often have a “moment of awareness”. A moment where I temporarily open my eyes and go “Wow, this is messed up.”

The correct thing to do would be to go, “I should do something to fix this,” and then execute the fix. But that’s hard, and boring, and painful.

The simpler, easier thing to do is to get fixated on my feelings. I feel bad. I feel guilty. I feel ashamed. I feel embarrassed. I resent myself. I beat myself up internally as some sort of penance for my sins. THIS IS A TRAP. It feels like there’s some sort of important emotional labor going on, but it actually achieves nothing. In fact, it actually distracts from the actions needed to be taken in order to rectify the problem.

Imagine an alcoholic crying and pleading with her loved ones, saying “I messed up, I’m so terrible, I’m so sorry,” and then getting drunk again afterwards because she feels so bad. That’s basically what happens.

Consider how, in the broader scheme of things, the intensity and seeming sincerity of the self-flagellation is actually far less relevant than the subsequent actions that the person takes. And yet somehow there’s often this strange impulse to focus on how big and important the feelings are.

Beating yourself up over your failures is every bit as egotistic as convincing yourself you’re amazing. This seems like an unpleasant thing to say, but I’ve found it to be true. And that’s not a coincidence– the more unpleasant the truth, the less likely anybody’s going to intervene, and now you’re trapped in this delightful ego bubble of Poor Little Me.

Let’s talk for a second about how people react to seeing a person like this. There are a few responses:

Comfort them (“It’s okay, you’re okay…”)
Confront them (“What is wrong with you?”)
Ignore them (This depends on the relationship between the two people– easy if it’s an acquaintance, harder if you live or work together. Sometimes people slowly disengage and distance themselves over time.)
The ego likes all of these responses. When comforted, it feels good, and nothing gets done about the problem. When confronted, it gets defensive, and now we’re fighting about other things instead of addressing the problem. When ignored, it continues to fester in its filth.

The only real solution I’ve seen is a sort of enlightened, questioning engagement. (My boss is really good at this. He has a way of simply asking questions in a non-accusatory tone, which my ego has no idea how to deal with. He’d ask, “How come this didn’t get done when you said you’d do it?”, and my brain would think, “Because I’m a horrible person!” — which is the ego talking, again. But he’d ask it in such a neutral, curious tone that he’d get me curious too, and make me realize that I personally avoid identifying the real causes. Because the real causes are boring to behold and painful to deal with– it boils down to things like sleep, nutrition, keeping a schedule and sticking to it, all the little things that require effort that don’t immediately yield nice payoffs.)

The ego, or the saboteur, whatever you want to call it– is only interested in narrow, unenlightened self-preservation. It wants to maintain the status quo, and it will cry and whine and rage and scream to do it. There’s a parent/child dynamic at play here, whether internally inside the person’s head, or between the person and others. And the goal of the child is to get away from the “problem” or “pain” of being held accountable. It will do whatever it takes.

If you’ve ever witnessed children manipulating their parents in order to get ice-cream or fast food, you’ll know how horrifying it can be. It sometimes literally looks like the child is possessed by some sort of demon. Then think about how there’s a demon inside you too– it cooperates when you do what it wants, but otherwise it raises hell.

There’s a third trap beyond the first two layers. The one where you think you’ve finally got it. Where you recognize the first two traps, and you’re convinced that you’ve got it figured out, that it’s not going to get you anymore, so you don’t need to “police yourself”. [1] And so you happily, confidently write a blogpost about it and share it with the world, problem solved!

Nope, that’s another trap. Everything about the ego resists examination, introspection, accountability. This is such a reliable, predictable thing that you can practically navigate by it: Whenever you start to feel like you’ve “solved the problem”, realize that you’re being hoodwinked. Instead, develop a taste and appreciation for doing the work.

I’ve actually written many variants of this blogpost many times over the years. “I didn’t do well because I didn’t study” [2013], “Killing the Saboteur” [2014], “Searching under streetlights” [2015]. Evidently, my ego really enjoys doing this sort of thing. Time spent writing about a problem and outlining a problem is time spent not addressing the problem. Commiserating feels good, but it ends up feeding the ego too.

The only way out is to confront and accept reality. To navigate not by feelings (which are misleading and manipulative if you have a saboteur in your head like I do), but by evidence. For me, this means taking a good hard look at my calendar every day, keeping track of the work I’m doing, seeing what my output actually is, how much I can actually do. It means developing a taste for pain and discomfort. It means revisiting and reviewing how each day goes, so that I can make adjustments and learn from my mistakes and do better.

And it means ending this essay here, and getting my ass to work. I hope this is helpful to somebody.

[1] I’m not saying that you DO need to police yourself. That’s very loaded language, and it’s designed to fail the same way unsustainable diets are designed to fail. You need to discipline yourself, the way a musician or comedian is disciplined– they improvise on stage, but they put in decades of deliberate practice beforehand.

Life, particularly in modern civilization, is an absurd circus. We’re all clowns living in boxes trying to amuse ourselves in the face of inevitable death and meaninglessness.

What’s additionally absurd is that we go through a lot of trouble to avoid facing up to this fact. We avoid discussing it with children because we don’t want to scare or frighten them. We avoid discussing it with our families at the dinner table because it seems rude or impolite. [1]

Albert Camus wanted to discuss it. He wrote an essay titled The Myth Of Sisyphus, about a wise, prudent mortal condemned by the Gods to the most miserable of punishments — futile, hopeless, meaningless labor. He was cursed to roll a large stone up a hill, have it roll back down, and repeat the process for eternity.

Camus uses a lot of words to make a subtle point — “If this myth is tragic, that is because its hero is conscious. Where would his torture be, indeed, if at every step the hope of succeeding upheld him?”, and “The workman of today works everyday in his life at the same tasks, and his fate is no less absurd. But it is tragic only at the rare moments when it becomes conscious.” I agree with all of that.

Camus then goes on to try to make the case that Sisyphus should be happy. And this is where I think it devolves into wishful thinking. “All Sisyphus’ silent joy is contained therein. His fate belongs to him.” Really? It doesn’t quite persuade me. I think Camus was getting a bit romantic and prescriptive here. The essay ends with “The struggle itself toward the heights is enough to fill a man’s heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy.”

In my earlier reads of the final quote, without the context of the rest of the essay, I misread Camus to be saying that Sisyphus MUST be happy. Only on later, closer reads do I realize he’s saying that WE should imagine Sisyphus happy, for the sake of our own emotional and psychological well-being. Existential Comics riffs off this idea amusingly by introducing gamification — Sisyphus enjoys his meaningless task once meaningless numbers and trinkets are added to the game. I think this captures how most humans deal with the meaninglessness of reality in practice [2], but I don’t think that’s exactly what Camus was trying to do. I think Camus was trying to explore a question that he supposedly raised elsewhere– should I kill myself or have a cup of coffee?.

If we go back to the Myth of Sisyphus essay– the honors, gamifications, epaulettes, all of that is distraction from consciousness of the fundamental absurdity of human existence. If Sisyphus enjoys the stickers and stats on his stone, as Existential Comics suggests he might, then he’s (probably) distracting himself from the absurdity of his situation. [3]

Here’s what I think: I think that happiness is too much to ask for. I think happiness is a by-product, it’s something that’s realized rather than pursued. [4] I think wanting to be happy all the time, trying to be happy all the time– I think that’s a sort of madness. It’s a very unfair, unrealistic expectation to have, and it guarantees dissatisfaction. A full, rich life would have all sorts of experiences and emotions associated with it. Sometimes we’re happy and sometimes we’re sad, and the sadness is every bit as important as the happiness.

If we’re perpetually sad all the time, we might want to ask why that is, and whether we’re okay with that. If we’re not okay with that, then we might want to do something about it– change the setting, change the frame.

I can’t remember who was it where I first encountered the idea– it might’ve been Elon Musk or some writer or otherwise ambitious or entrepreneurial person– someone who said that happiness is subtle, fleeting and difficult to pin down, and it’s much better to navigate by excitement. If you’re unhappy (maybe because you’re having a bad day, or a rough time, or you’re tired), but you’re excited about something, then you’re probably doing alright. If you’re happy, but you’re not excited about something, chances are your happiness will fade sooner or later. It’s more complex than that, of course, but the point is that if you have something to look forward to, then life becomes less of an ordeal.

Parallel to that, I’ve come to believe that the only enduring, sustainable response to absurdity is humor. To be reductive about it, either we laugh or we cry, isn’t it? Either it’s a tragedy or a comedy. And finding humor in something is incredibly powerful. If you can laugh after tremendous loss and suffering, after experiencing grave trauma and whatnot, then I believe that you’ll be okay. I mean, you’re going to DIE (sorry), and everything is ultimately meaningless, so you’ll eventually cease to BE at all. But if you can still laugh, then you’ve still got a chance to enjoy the life you have left– even if it’s painful, difficult, unfair, miserable and so on.

I’m not saying we should allow ourselves to be miserable, or that we shouldn’t work to correct injustice, or that this justifies suffering. We should reduce suffering wherever we can. But suffering is an unlimited, renewable resource, so there will always be more of it down the road. Like the man cursed by the Gods, we will always be suffering. One must imagine Sisyphus LOL-ing.

[1] A person could go through their entire life from cradle to grave without ever really thinking very much about how ridiculous life is, or how and why he does what he does, towards what end, for what purpose, in what greater context. Religions are convenient here, and remove a lot of the difficult thinking and grappling required.

[2] Steve Yegge wrote a great essay about gun collecting and token economies in Borderlands that applies here, and Richard Feynman spoke similarly about honors and epaulettes

[3] Caveat: It’s possible to simultaneously enjoy the game AND recognize that it’s only a game, ultimately illusory. Alan Watts talked a lot about that. A lot of people choose to do just one or the other– either throw yourself into the pleasures and riches and pursuits of material existence, or try to forsake and abandon all of it altogether through a life of asceticism. The latter can itself become a sort of attachment to an ideal– the pursuit of a spiritual goodie rather than a material goodie.

[4] And there are many parts to happiness– fulfillment, meaning, flow, pleasure. Each of those things have different variables that influence it.

I sometimes have this dream where I'm possessed by some sort of Demon-God. "Possessed" is a bit of a loaded word– I just feel overcome, taken over. Like there's something within me that's awake, and the rest of the time I'm really just sleepwalking through life.

This Demon-God is a vast, massive being beyond anything I can imagine. He's strong, sexy, sensual, seductive. He's confident, radiant, brimming, overflowing. Present, centered. In a way, he's everything that I want to be. He's a sort of representation of my best self, or my full self. And he speaks to me in my head in incredibly grand terms. He finds my daily life trivial, humorous and small– like I'm something incredibly powerful amusing itself by pretending to be weak and tiny. He finds my questions silly.

These dreams tell me that I have something greater than myself within me that's just begging and yearning to be set free, to be let out, to be unleashed, to be enacted. And I know in my heart of hearts that that is what I must do with my life. I don't have anything specific to say about that – there are no specific plans. He's too big for plans, he doesn't care. He finds the human limitations of plans and projects to be puny and pathetic.

But there's the rub. If I am to enact the Demon-God into existence, I have to handle the plans and project management. And I don't have a lot of experience doing that. In fact I have a lot of experience being bad at that and being miserable at being bad at that. It's kinda traumatic and upsetting for me. But sitting around whining about it turns off the Demon-God. He finds it pathetic, uninteresting.

I realize now that this has a lot of parallels with what I've read about re: creativity and "genius". Elizabeth Gilbert talked about it. Stephen Pressfield wrote about it. Tor Norretranders wrote about it. My job as custodian of the Demon-God is to do all the boring paperwork and administration and project management so that he can just show up and unleash his insights and perspective and majesty.

Well, that's settled, then. There are at least two parts to me (in practice probably infinite, on a continuum). Part of my progress and development as a writer requires me to be less anxious and worried about whether or not divine inspiration is going to show up. That's not my responsibility. I can't control that. So I need to let go of that. Instead I just need to show up every day, day after tday, writing, grinding, putting in the work. Professional writers who do this for a living know this, and have known this for hundreds of years. So if I'm going to be truly serious– and I want to be– then I can't just be running this project lackadaisically. My god, man, there's no time to waste! I have to get cracking, get moving, be publishing every day!

I suppose that's one of the big dichotomies or conflicts that I will be carrying with me for the rest of my life, and only really know how I feel about it right before I die, if I have that luxury. Should I relax, stop and smell the flowers, appreciate the joy and beauty of idleness? Or should I be industrious, racing against time? Is there really some sort of balanced path between the two? I think people are naturally predisposed to be more of one or the other, I think circumstances influences that, and I think we can also influence it to some degree with conditioning and reinforcement.

So the question is what do I reinforce? There's a certain Pascal's Wager element to this here. There are two options, so there are four before and after scenario. Idle then Industrious, Idle throughout, Industrious then Idle, Industrious throughout. I was mostly idle when I was younger. And I think I'm mostly idle by disposition. I could neve be industrious throughout. I wasn't industrious before, so that wasn't an option. If I am to hedge my bets in life, which I think is a rational thing to do, it makes sense for me to at least spend some time right now being as industrious as I possibly can. I can always revert to idleness later if it starts to bother me.

After all, ever notice that the people who preach about the dangers of overwork, who go on the circuit talking about the importance of sleep, mindfulness, meditation, etc– all seem to do it after some sort of breakdown-induced epiphany? Where are the folks who were just chill all along? Maybe they're out there, but they're so chill they never even show up on our public consciousness.

Anyway. So the point is I'd like to be more industrious at least for the next few years. I'd like to work really, really hard from 25 to 30. I'd like to work so hard from 25 to 30 that I might consider taking a couple of years off just to decompress. Maybe that's a slightly ignorant time scale. Maybe I should be planning my time in days and weeks, or months and quarters. I've been a working adult for over 3 years now, and it's already worn me down in some ways. I'm hoping to take a long-ish vacation next year. I want to just write write write write. I keep saying that but I haven't even gotten to the end of this post yet, lol.

I spent some time thinking about it in the shower and I realize I think I need to do more prep-work. I think I had this romantic idea that I would be able to just keep doing this day after day without any planning and everything. Actually that's not entirely true– what I assumed, and this is a correct assumption, I think– was that the challenge of this project would force me to figure out how to do it better. And if I want to write better everyday, a big part of that is going to be figuring out what I'm going to write before I write it.

So I guess before I write my next vomit, I'm going to outline the things that I'm potentially going to write about, and then write those things.
I wanted to write about "tripping through time". I was telling another friend about this essay that I've been wanting to write– I've told maybe 3 or 4 about this, and I figure that after a while it's easier to just write out what the essay is supposed to be rather than keep talking to people about the essay I'd maybe-someday want to write. I know from experience that sometimes writing about what you want to write is the best way to get started on writing the actual thing that you want to write.

Where do I start? I'd like to have some sort of clever introduction, but really the first thought that comes to my mind is Facebook, and what a trippy experience that is. The word "trip" originally meant to 'tread or step lightly and nimbly", and grew to mean a short journey or voyage – and later on it even meant 'a psychadelic drug experience'. I mean "trippy" in the last two senses– that it gives you a sort pf psychadelic experience. Something is trippy if it takes you on a journey or voyage, internally, sometimes instantaneously by moving the frame, giving you a new context, a new point of view. Sometimes many different points of view all at once.

That's what Facebook is like. It was originally meant to be a sort of massive address book, but it's become so much more than just that. It's become an endless stream of photo albums and snippets of thoughts and memories, all splayed out together. You can click on a person's profile picture and scroll through their past– often a single tap to the left shows you a picture of them from a full decade ago. That's trippy– to travel a decade in a second.

I find it interesting to read my old messages and statuses and look at my old pictures. I've often felt the compulsion to just sit down and go through all of my history chronologically, to re-experience my younger days with a more neutral, distanced, dispassionate view, to contextualize all of the mess and chaos through the lens of an older, more experienced, more world-weary me. The past on Facebook isn't a remembered past– memories are fallible and constantly edited and modified to fit our present narratives. It's a recorded past, and it often yields inconvenient bits that DON'T fit the convenient narratives. Things that we said we wanted to do.

Just today, Facebook's On This Day feature showed me a friend sharing a video from 3 years ago of how she'd like to be proposed to, and her boyfriend commented "shit, so much pressure" and got 6 Likes for it. A couple of weeks ago, her latest boyfriend proposed to her, and she's engaged now.

But Facebook doesn't allow those old inconvenient memories to decay or fade out– they're every bit as bright and clear today as they were when they first happened. Hardly anybody in the history of mankind has had to live with that sort of high-fidelity recording of their past selves– except maybe highly public figures like Presidents and Kings.

I don't think Facebook was prepared for this. I don't think any of us were prepared for this. We thought we were just adding people to our superpowered address book– even adding acquaintances like that  girl from the class next door in college that you never spoke more than a few words to. And now you get a constant stream of updates about her life, and you'll get to see her wedding photos, watch her children grow up, hear about her political views– all sorts of things nobody ever had to contend with in the past.

It's also really interesting to look at the pasts of older people, and see what they were like when they were younger than we are today. I find that really trippy. I can go on Facebook and look at pictures of my older colleagues from 8 or 9 years ago, and get a sense of what they might've been like when they were even younger than me. I get to see comments and messages from people I'm no longer friends with, people who I miss– people who continue to occupy parts of my mind not because of any specific intent on my part, but because of the nature of the medium that we're all embedded in.

Before mobile phones became a thing, there was a very clear distinction between "online" and "offline". You went on the Internet to go and hang out with people in cyberspace, the space that is no space, a realm of ideas and representations. The online world has since begun colonizing the offline world– software is eating the world. Tonnes of things that we see in meatspace have representations in the digital ether, so the phrase "cyberspace" seems awfully irrelevant.

Cyberspace is no longer somewhere we go to, away from the world on clunky desktop computers with big CRT monitors and dialup. We're all on the Information Superhighway, but we're not using it to GO anywhere– it used to be presumed that it would be like a great library, and we'd be able to access any content that we wanted.

That dream has been realized. But even the dreamers hadn't foreseen that we'd want to contribute, we'd want to send and not just receive. We'd end up writing and making videos and communicating with one another, and relationships would be built and destroyed, people would find spouses, find friendships, stalk one another, kill and murder one another, that regimes would be toppled, justice would be sought.

The Information Highway has led us not to either salvation or damnation, but to ourselves.

When I think about it, I realize that everything everyone is projecting about VR and AR must be necessarily flawed and incomplete. We have no idea how these technologies are going to be used. People are going to be artistic and talented and improvise and do all kinds of crazy shit. It's going to redefine, probably radically, our relationship with ourselves, our own thoughts, our own minds.

It's a hell of a trip.
A friend asked, if you ever got a tattoo, what would it be?

I'm still not 100% sure about my own relationship with the idea of tattoos. I think I like them, and I think I've wanted them. When I was younger I wanted stuff that was really clever, meaningful, compelling. At some point when I was playing in a band, I had this idea for a concept album called Faeries and Gargoyles, which was basically a sort of yin/yang idea, hot and cold, soft and hard, and so on. And I thought it would be cool to have a faerie (I like that spelling, feels more ethereal and less Disney) on one arm and a Gargoyle on the other. But I never really developed that idea very much.

At some point I thought I'd like to get things that I'd like to remind myself of. I liked the idea of having "think." on one wrist and "transcend." on the other. One of my rules for getting tattoos is– if I'm gonna get them, I gotta still want them a year or two years later. They got to endure the test of time. The thing is, when I have something on my mind that long, I eventually seem to internalize it– and then I don't need it anymore, because it's inside my mind.

There are a couple of other things that are on my mind now about what sort of tattoos I'd get, if any. A couple of considerations.

One is that it has to be tasteful and endure the test of time in a greater sense. By that I mean... if they find my body a couple of thousand years from now, I'd like it to make sense. The math/science geek in me is amused by the idea of having tattoos with scientific ideas– something that communicates to my future finders that I appreciated universal things. A scale model of the solar system, maybe, if it could fit on the human body? I don't think it could. But something in that spirit. I don't mean like "e=mc^2" – but more like, maybe a drawing that has the fibonacci sequence embedded in it. I think that would be super cool.

I also have a thing for fractal systems and complexity. As I mentioned in an earlier vomit– I have these recurring dreams sometimes where I'm a sort of energy-being contained within myself, bursting out, and there are certain visual motifs in those ideas. It's very... psychadelic. One way I imagine it is– like a massive, full-body tattoo, starting in the center of the chest and expanding outwards towards the hands and legs and neck. But it wouldn't be "FULL" body in the sense that it would cover every single bit of skin– rather it would have to make good use of empty space and be coherent with the human form. Something like a giant tree of sorts. Or a giant city. Imagine the body as a landscape, and the chest is the city center– and you have long roads going out. And imagine if this map was to represent you and your energies and your interests.

One thing I like about Maori tattoos– the really good ones– is how they follow the bone structure of whoever is being tattooed. That's the difference (in my imperfect assessment) between a good tattoo and a shitty tribal cut-and-paste job. The really good ones remind me of what someone said about Paul McCartney's basslines– they somehow manage to add to the rest of the song, give you something beautiful to pay attention to, and yet it accentuates what is good about the song– it doesn't try to overwhelm. It almost seems like the bassline was already there within the song, just waiting to come out. I believe in that. I think that is the case in all of art. There are masterpieces hidden in plain sight.

I also really like the idea of having an overarching theme– so that any new tattoo can "join the family" and be part of a coherent body of work, and all of them can sort of reference each other, work together, play with one another some how.

Yeah, it's a kinda really ambitious project to even begin thinking about. I suppose the thing would be just to get started. What do I want tattoos to do for me, anyway? I want them to make me feel stronger and more powerful. I want them to remind me of ideals and principles. I want them to challenge and provoke me. Every time I look at them in the mirror or see them on my arms I'd want to feel compelled, renewed. That's a hell of a lot to expect from a bunch of ink that you hammer into your skin. So I guess that's why I haven't gotten any tattoos yet.

Maybe I should also just answer the question in a simple and straightforward way. What would be a simple thing I could get that I'd really like? I'd like something thin and minimalist that spans a lot of the body. I find myself giggling at the idea of constellation-y lines that span the whole body but are very subtle and almost unnoticable. I like the idea of these constellation lines following the physiology of the body, kind of like the acupuncture doll you see in some old chinese acupuncture shops. I wouldn't want it to be too tight and rigid, I'd want it to be slightly jackson-pollocky.

Goddamnit, I am utterly incapable of giving a straight answer to a question. If I could get a free high quality tattoo done right now, what would I get? I'd get something like this. I'd give the guy a bunch of pictures of things that I like– fractals and galaxies and such. I'd have rivers and roads running down my body, expanding outwards from my chest. I'd probably do one arm first as a start. And then maybe I'd turn to cartography and map out little towns and cities that represent landmarks in my life.

Yeah, I like that idea. And I guess that's a sort of metaphor or symbol for what I'm trying to do with these word vomits, or with writing in general.
A friend asked, "tell me a vivid childhood memory".

I have a bunch of memories, I think (duh, doesn't everyone), but I wonder which is so interesting that I'd be able to write a thousand words about it without having to think too deeply about it. I don't think it would be from my early childhood, because those memories were fairly simple and not all that interesting. There's also some complicated stuff involving other people, and I don't want to have to deal with that right now. So I have to pick a memory that's fairly straightforward, and yet something I find compelling anyway. (It's interesting at this point to realize that there ARE memories of things that I have never written about and should probably write about for myself for my own sake. Thanks for asking the question, N.)

Okay, what sort of memory– a happy memory? Sad memory? Wistful? Excited? Music? Girls? School? I think I've written too much about school already. And cigarettes, I've written a bunch about that. I guess I could write about my mother. Ma. Mum. Amma.

I don't know how to talk about my relationship with my parents. Part of it is the fact that they're still alive, and there's a chance that they'd read anything that I write, especially if it's something about them. I think I've had a pretty good childhood and a pretty good relationship with my parents, but still, choosing to write something about a living person that's anything less than perfectly flattering is always something that's a little scary to do, because you don't know how they're going to receive it.

My parents were never really super-hands-on type parents, and I think that's common for a lot of Singaporeans. "Family time" as a family was never a huge deal for us because we all lived in the same home, there was a family business, so people were almost always at home all the time. Dad would have to head out but he'd be back home for lunch, and sometimes here and there in between. So we never really needed any particular strong rituals, like family lunch or family dinner. We'd do those things for birthdays and deepavali and stuff like that. But for the most part we just coexisted. There was a steady hum to all of it. Dad would typically be watching the news, or reading newspapers, smoking his cigarettes. Mum would typically be in the office doing paperwork. Every so often there would be calls on the office phone.

My mum would often have errands to run– she'd have to go to the bank, or go to the post office, and she'd go to the temple every week– and she'd bring me along. I guess those are some vivid memories. We'd take the bus together. I didn't have a smartphone at the time, so I think I'd often be reading a book. I don't remember if we talked much. I'm sure we did, it would've been weird if it was totally silent. But I don't really remember the details of our conversations. We'd often go to McDonald's afterwards– she was a fan of pineapple pies and sweet and sour sauce. After we were done at the Post Office, she'd typically head off to buy groceries or something and leave me to read books in Popular book store. I enjoyed that very much.

My dad would drive me around in his rickety old pickup truck, always smoking, tamil radio on. It would rumble and the brakes would be kinda crappy. Again, as with mum, I don't really remember our conversations, though it would still be weird if we didn't talk much. I guess he'd ask me about school, tell me to study hard, stuff like that. He drove me to school every morning from P4 till halfway through Sec 1. I guess I'd pick that for my most vivid memory. I never really liked or appreciated that he did that while he was doing it– as a kid I much preferred the idea of being independent, of taking the bus to school myself, maybe meeting friends along the way, that sort of thing. His logic was– he was being a good dad, sacrificing some of his sleep so his son could get as much sleep as possible and get to school and not have to worry about anything except studying. At the time I felt it was maybe a bit passive-aggressive– like, he's sacrificing so much for me, why aren't I doing better in school? But as the years go by, I've learnt to also see it as a way of showing love.

That was a common theme in my parents' parenting doctrine– to remove as much stress and responsibility from my life so that I'd never have to worry about anything except school. I won't be doing the same as a parent if I have kids, but I do appreciate what they were trying to do. I was thinking earlier about how my dad got married and had 2 kids by the time he was my age– 3 next year. I got married fairly young too– not as young as he did, but I'm also married– but I can't imagine having kids yet. I suppose we live in different times with different expectations. It's interesting how different we are. I wonder what it would be like to be friends with my father as a young man- that is, if I could meet him now as a 26 year old father of two. Would I enjoy his company? I hope I would, but I'm not all that sure. But maybe that's just a function of the folks I hang out with today, and that is a sort of privilege. Maybe he'd have been a totally different man if he were my age today. That's a definitely, not a maybe.

I don't know how to think about my childhood anymore. It seems like my ideas and memories of it have changed over the years while I wasn't looking. And it feels like it might be a good idea to find some time and space to sit down and process all of it. Or is that a wild fantasy, and do we never fully process all of anything?

A friend asked, why do you ask people to ask you questions, why not just write about stuff which you cared about?

My immediate short answer was, because I've written so much introspectively for so long tht I've kinda lapped myself, or jumped the shark, or basically overwhelmed myself with so much data about myself that I'm no longer sure of what I care about. So I need some cues and stimuli.

But also more simplistically, and perhaps more truly, the fact is that I like the idea of having something for someone. I like the idea of having a gift to give to a specific person, saying here, this is for you. I like the idea that there's someone who has a bit of anticipation or expectation, and I get to fulfill it. I suppose this is one of those fundamental human drives thing, a social impulse. I can't sit and write for some abstract audience. When I look back at my body of work, I realize a lot of my favorite stuff has been written in response to things. Sometimes it's after I watch a movie or after I read a book. Sometimes it's after a conversation with a friend.

Very rarely can I wake up in the morning with a completely clear mind and go "ahh, today I feel like writing about a thing for its own sake!" I mean, I do have a long ass list of things that I'd like to write about, and I suppose I could meditate for a while and look at that list and eventually feel like I ought to write something or another. I think that's one way of doing it, and I'd like to do more of that, but it would require me to get into a sort of ritual state. Which I should really try out more proper-ly.

But otherwise, and this is most of the time, I write in response to things. I already have a bunch of things in my mind that are half-prepped and ready to go about any particular thing, but I don't always realize it until I encounter the trigger. And when that happens it all coalesces and synthesizes and comes out, and that's an incredibly cathartic experience, like emptying a full bladder that you never realized was full to begin with– all you did was experience a constant sense of discomfort and unease, but you don't quite know about what.

In related news– part of my goal of writing 1,000,000 words was to become more certain of myself, to understand my voice better, to get more comfortable with words, to clearly establish myself in my own mind as a writer. Not a wannabe writer or a writer hopeful, a WRITER. And I think once you've written 500,000 words of your own volition for your own reasons, you're kinda qualified. You've written more than the Lord of the Rings. You're a writer. You have some taste. You have some skill. It's bound to have happened. That's me, woo hoo.

But now I have another 430,000 words to go, and I don't want to do more of the same thing. Now I want to start thinking about what's going to happen when I cross the finish line. And a big part of that is– I want to re-enter the world. I've been writing in isolation so far, but I want to start writing for other people again. The isolation was by design at first– I was getting bothered by how my thinking was so BLINDLY reactionary. I would just be writing angry things in response to the news, because I knew it would give me reactions, and I enjoyed getting reactions. By going into isolation I have managed, I hope, to cultivate a sort of dispassionate distance from whatever it is that I'm working on. I can allow myself the time and space to figure out what really needs to be said, rather than what is easy and what would get knee-jerk reactions. I don't want to get knee-jerk reactions anymore, I want to challenge and inspire people to think better, think harder, to expand their imaginations.

So I have to start actively engaging people more, right now, within the context of this project. My first baby step in that direction is to start writing for other people instead of writing for myself. And I do that by asking for questions. I don't know if I'm cut out to write some sort of advice column, and I don't think I really want to do that. Though I wouldn't say no, either. I'd give it a shot. Who knows? All I do know is that I'm tired of operating entirely within my own mind, psychoanalyzing my own interests and motivations, and really, getting to a point where I kick up a dust and then realize that I can't see.

I'm not going to stop reflecting altogether– in fact I do think that I'm not doing enough of it, but I need to do that in a different way. I need to experiment with different configurations. So I'm going to take the reflections mostly offline (i'll share roundups and summaries and tidied up insights, maybe, or if there are any breakthroughs or 'epiphanies'). And maybe I'll spend a couple of hundred vomits just writing responses to whatever people give me. That should be fun. I wrote several hundred thousand words for myself, it would be fun to write several hundred thousand more for my friends. And beyond that I anticipate writing "serious" essays, fiction, novels. And again I have a nagging feeling that the best way to do that will be to write for friends. I think I'm wired that way. I think all I've ever wanted is to experience intimacy and oneness with people that I care about, and I think I often project that intellectually and think that connecting with millions would be better than connecting with a few, or even one.

But I've come to learn that if something's going to mean something to a lot of people, it first has to mean something to at least one other person. So that's why I'm doing this.

Wow, a question after my own heart. As I've written a couple of times, I'm a child of the Internet – I first encountered it when I was about 7, fell in love with the idea of all sorts of online communities and forums about every imaginable topic, wanted to have my own website, and then my own blog, and then went on to witness and participate in social media. And I have some feelings about how the internet has developed from what it was then to what it is now.

The short answer to the question has to be "both". The internet has progressively become something easier to participate in. Initially, if you even wanted to get involved, you were going to have to setup all the hardware and then all the software, figure out your modem settings, and then your IP address and whatnot. Then you'd have to figure out web hosting, make your own website or forum, and getting involved involved a lot of work. So everybody who was involved was necessarily very active.

As more and more people came online though, it became easier than ever to get involved. After a while it became easier to start blogs, so there were more people who casually started blogs. And now it's even easier to post facebook statuses (you don't need to build an audience through engagement, because your social ties are brought into the picture), to take pictures and videos. And there's so much content now being produced (I think there are like several days worth of video uploaded to youtube every second) that it's also easier than ever to be a passive observer.

Let's recap again– there's so much content that it's easy to be a passive observer, but it's also so easy to produce content that it's easy to be an active participant. And I think everyone is by default a passive observer of the goings-on around them at (almost) all times, usually processing that information internally somehow, and sometimes that stuff comes out– either through deliberate creative acts, or sometimes just inadvertently in conversation or even on a comments section of some Facebook page, or on reddit. (There's a Ray Bradbury quote about how, if you ask an average man the right question, he turns into a poet.)

That said, I don't know if the internet inspires people to get more active in their engagement with media. It's easy to find data that confirms your hunch either way– it's easy to find people who are more engaged than ever, and it's easy to find people who are more disengaged than ever (probably because of information overload– there's so much of it, and you can never get to all of it, and you can't comment on everything, you can't have an informed opinion on everything...). At the same time there are entire new media organizations being built from scratch, and ordinary people becoming influential and significant (I hate the phrase 'thought leader', but i suppose we can use that here for now.)

What's interesting about the "data can confirm your hunch either way" scenario is– first, it could be true that there's a global answer. That if you mapped out all the users of the internet, you might find that most people are becoming more passive than before, and that the pool of engaged individuals is small. I think that's pretty unlikely– there's just so much stuff being created that it seems fair to assume that there's more people creating it than ever before. People are literally leaving home to go to places where famous youtubers and Vine-rs live, so they can collaborate with one another. The social media star is the new rock star.

But second, the global answer might not actually be globally relevant. By that I mean– it could be that more people are being active participants than ever (my personal impression), but that might not be your experience. Your experience might be that everyone around you is being ridiculously bleary-eyed in their passive consumption. And it's definitely true that the internet is more addictive and engaging than any previous type of media, so if a person is somehow biased or compelled to be a passive consumer, they're "worse" off with the Internet– or rather they'd be spending more time and energy passively consuming than before.

I try to be hopeful and idealistic. I'd like to believe that not only does active participation inspire and beget more active participation, but that with good design, the right nudges and cues, we can encourage the normally passive to get involved, too. And yes, I'm not hesitant to make value judgements here– I think there's...

We'd want to encourage 1, and discourage 2 and 4. 3 is a natural thing to be expected; nobody can be expected to be actively participating in everything all the time– and the people who do do that usually tend to be from category 2. I think these are things worth doing, because... it's like the tragedy of the commons in the realm of civic participation, right? If everyone was decently informed and voted in every election, then we'd have better political outcomes. Similarly, if everyone was decently informed and decently engaged, then we'd improve our thinking, achieve our goals better, blah blah blah.

But it's an uphill battle, because our biology and culture both seem to be working against us on this. Hopefully we see substantial progress in our lifetimes.
So… how does Visa-18 feel about Visa-25? I think he’d be delighted that I never had to write a resume– that I got hired on the basis of my blog, to work in a tech startup full of smart people who get shit done without worrying about minor details like what time you get into work, or how exactly you do what you do as long as you get results. I think he’d be amazed that I got married at 22, but he would be very impressed that I have my own house. He’d be impressed that I’ve gained 20kg and have a squat rack at home, and that I’m making progress on no longer being the skinny guy with the skinny legs.

But those aren’t the things I want to focus on. I want to focus on the things that I wouldn’t be so proud of.

Visa-18 would be bummed that I’m not a better musician than I am right now. Music was a big part of my life then, and I’d have assumed that I’d just keep getting better steadily throughout my life. I did play some music during NS, but I basically stopped that shit entirely when I started working. It took me some time to find my footing as a working adult, but I think I’m in control of my life enough now that I can afford to schedule some time to practice and get better at music– knowing that it’ll be something that I appreciate.

Visa-18 would be bummed that I’m less opinionated than I used to be. A part of this is a good thing– a lot of my opinions were opinions that I didn’t necessarily have the right to have. I would get outraged or angered or annoyed at upset at all sorts of things without understanding them much at all. I think I’ve swung to the opposite end since– I’ve tried so hard to avoid passing judgements on things, to be patient and discerning and all that thoughtful-slow stuff that I’ve stopped writing any sort of social commentary. A part of this is because I wanted to be more introspective, so that’s understandable. But Visa-18 would’ve liked me to have been engaged with the goings-on of the world around me in some way. I don’t think I’ve completely betrayed that– I think I’m choosing to focus on developing myself, on becoming better at executing, getting things done, making sense of what’s going on. I have fewer theories being thrown around, but my fundamental sense of how the world works is getting better.

But still, there’s a reason why I’m writing this, why all of this is bubbling to the surface. I feel like I’ve reached the end of one pendulum swing, and like I’m starting to swing back. I feel like I have been playing it a little too safe, and as a result I’ve been… missing out? That’s not the right phrase to use. I have been… accumulating something inside me that hasn’t been properly… discharged (ugh, phrasing). There’s a bunch of tension, a bunch of unarticulated thoughts or anti-thoughts, SOMETHING, I don’t know what yet but it’s there. Stuff I”ve chosen to actively avoid until now because of reasons. But now those reasons don’t seem so relevant anymore. I feel like it’s time to switch modes and start… “being opinionated” again. That doesn’t sound right either. I’ve always been opinionated. I guess I’m just trying to start engaging with the world around me again a little more.

Well, this wasn’t nearly as insightful as I was hoping it might’ve been. Ultimately when I think about it I think 18-yo me would’ve defered to 25-yo me on a lot of things, knowing that I would have more context and knowledge and so on. I do still appreciate our fundamental interests in music, art, passion, travel, conversations, fun, all of those things– just that it’s a little harder now that I need to be self-sufficient. On that note, I’m going to bed.

So, today is my 26th birthday. My 26th trip around the sun. It means that I'm close to 30 than 20 now. I'm approaching my 10,000th day.

I don't mind or fear aging, I think it's something to appreciate.

I'm trying to make it a point to write some reflections on every birthday. It's a little upsetting that I can't find anything that I've written on my 23rd, and that I don't seem to have said anything before my 20s. I'd like to be able to glance at my younger self's reflections when I'm old, and birthdays seem like appropriate occasions to do that.

I can no longer pretend to be a boy, or a "young man". I'm a man now. I'm a young man to the older men, but to the world at large, I'm a man. Men younger than me have raised families, led soldiers in combat, managed employees. I know comparison is a losing game, but it can also provide some useful context. I don't need to feel shitty about myself just because I haven't done some of the aforementioned things, but knowing that people my age have done those things gives me a reasonable starting point for assuming what I can or cannot do.

To elaborate on this– a few weeks ago I had a dream that made me realize very intimately that I still live and think as though I were a little boy, going to "school", worrying about my social life among friends that I encountered via happenstance. I've still been avoiding the fact that I am entirely in control of my own life, and that I can change almost everything in an instant if I desire.

I've put on some weight over the past couple of years. I'm now 85kg going on 90kg, while I still assume that I must be 65kg or so. I've gone from S to M to L and I'll be XL soon, and probably 2XL or 3XL when I'm finally done. This is a good thing for me. I'm tired (and I've said several times before) of having "skinny" be an adjective used to describe me. Tall is fine, skinny is not. I'd like to be described in my late 20s as "tall big strong mountain of a man". To do this, I need to squat and deadlift heavy, and I need to eat heartily and rest well after. The hardest part of that for me right now is actually the rest bit– I still don't get enough sleep. In my teenage years, I didn't get much sleep mostly because I enjoyed staying up late when I could be alone with my thoughts, and with the internet. That's my backstory, it's shaped who I am, I accept that. But moving forward in life, I intend to sleep and wake earlier. I've been talking about this for 6 years now, maybe longer. Almost definitely longer.

I want to be more effective, efficient and reliable at work. Again, this is about me overcoming the shackles of my childhood, my origin story, my background. Those things were what they were. I've written about them to death and I'm not interested in going into those details right now. What matters is that I identify each thread of the rope that binds me, and break them one by one. I would like my 30th birthday reflection to say, "Wow, my early 20s were kinda sleepy but my late 20s were gloriously epic. I was so assertive, so confident, moved so fast, just blazed through life with fury. I really unleashed the beast there, broke out from bondage, from my own limiting beliefs and was just a fucking fireball."

This isn't about amazing or impressing other people. I have learnt that other people are incredibly slow to recognize value when it's in their presence. It's about amazing and impressing ME.

I'm still scared of stupid things. I'm still lazy. I'm still a lot of negative things. But I think with each passing year, I have less excuse to allow those things to keep me from acting. With each passing year, it becomes clearer that the moment to act is NOW.

I've had my body tell me a couple of things. My back started to hurt from sitting and being sedentary all the time. I've felt sleepy and lethargic from eating too much sugar and carbohydrates. These are things that I can't just ignore anymore– I have to deal with them as effectively as I can. I have to be the caretaker of my body and mind so that I can unleash the demon and create the interesting work I want to create.

I have an ego, obviously. I'm not going to pretend I don't, because that would be false. The thing is, I do honestly believe that the best work comes from exploring what is genuinely fascinating rather than what is cool to the ego. The challenge for me is to create some space for myself to figure out what is genuinely interesting. My taste is arguably my greatest asset to my own self-fulfillment, hand in hand with my work ethic. If I am to have a good life, I have to work hard towards creating things that my taste tells me ought to exist.

I am not too impressed with myself and my life so far. I have done some good things, but at a pace that I find somewhat mediocre. It's time to pick up that pace. I believe that I am capable of more. I believe that I am capable of running faster, lifting heavier, sleeping better, writing sharper, assisting others... I can't "have it all", but I can have more all of the good things that constitute the good life in my estimation. I just need to shed my old thoughts and my old beliefs, and focus harder than I've ever focused before on the task at hand. There will be time for idling later. We will make time for idling as necessary. But for now– to action!
I keep thinking vaguely about a large and ambiguous problem: how can I challenge and inspire the world, make it a better place? And sometimes when I'm a little more reasonable I wonder, how can I do that for my country (0.07% of the world)? But what I ought to solve first is- how can I do that for my friends? How can I do it for myself?

I've had a few conversations with friends recently where we've been commisarating about what adult life has been like for us in our mid-20s. The common theme has been that it's hard and depressing. We seem to all feel a little overworked, a little too incompetent. We seem to all feel like we're burdened with expectations (parents, society, peers) that we might not live up to. And we all seem to be wondering if this is all there is, if life is just going to be an endless Sisyphian struggle from now until we die. It's easy to appreciate now how some older people are so angry, bitter, caustic.

How can I help? What can I do? There are powerful truths buried in common sayings: be the change you want to see in the world.

I'm trying to imagine how my interactions with myself might be different, and I think I've made some progress on that front over the years but it's hard to quantify and harder to be certain about it. I suppose I should figure out some ways of quantifying, perhaps by periodically interviewing myself. I saw James Clear so an annual integrity report; I think that's a great idea.

That said, conversations with friends make me think that... well, conversations with friends can be more telling than introspection. With introspection it seems easier to fool myself. When talking to others, different people give me different responses which I can then use to triangulate an idea of who I am, or at least how I'm coming across.

What I'm saying is, I can learn a lot about myself by talking to other people and then evaluating those conversations and trying different things moving forward. Kind of like how a stand up comedian tries out new material on the road. This might seem insincere to some people, but I think the greater insincerity is in trying to remain static (which is a losing game, and really boring even if you do manage to succeed.)

So to review this vomit so far- I want to challenge and inspire myself, and my friends. We'll save the world for later. (Heh.) I don't want to talk about myself right now, so I'll think about my friends. What would inspire my friends?

Some words come to mind. Work ethic. Conviction. Focus. Compassion. Kindness. Thoughtfulness. Creativity. Concern.

I think we all want to be in the presence of goodness, and maybe greatness. The second half is a hard hypothesis to test because not many people encounter it-  those that do seem to rave about it, but that might be selection bias. Would we enjoy being in the company of our idols? Would it be life-affirming to be buddies with Ali, Jobs, Bryant, Gandhi, etc? These larger than life people can sometimes be infuriating. And even if they were perfectly nice, they might make us feel inadequate by comparison.

I often find myself thinking that I long for true companionship, true peers, people who love their craft and are kinda obsessed about making it good. Well font I have people like that in my life already? Aren't my colleagues like that? My boss certainly is, and he's one of my favorite people.

But here's the rub - I think I don't have these people close to me because I'm not sufficiently signaling that I'm one of them. I know a bunch of writers who exist, who I could potentially each out to, but I don't quite feel comfortable doing that because I feel like I lack the appropriate body of work.

Well, what would that body of work look like? I've written 575,000+ words (probably 600,000+), but it's messy. It's disorganized. It's not something I'd invite anybody to take a walk through. I have a lot of cleaning up and tidying up to do. I don't need to have a grand opening or anything like that- I think that just sets me up for failure. What I need to do is be very discerning, and pick out precisely the things that I believe ought to be shared with the world, and then share them. What are the quotes I think the world should read, say about Singapore's policies and future? I should reconsolidate everything and create a decent user experience and eliminate irrelevant crap- maybe move that stuff over to Tumblr until it's publish-worthy.

Facebook is a good channel for me to post my thoughts- I have more than a few people who are interested in the things I have to say. If I can post roughly one good thing every couple of days I'd be doing pretty good and I'd develop something worth paying attention to. Then I would have people reaching out to me, and we could share our plans for world domination. Also I should do a link roundup every week. Every Friday maybe?

I stopped writing this vomit last week at 800+ words and I thought I’d resume it and finish it off. I write up a link roundup post but I didn’t get around to publishing it. I suppose I should just publish it anyway and then move on to the next thing. I allow accumulated backlog to suffocate me, when I should really just cut my losses and move forward. And I’ve found this to be a recurring theme for me– I was hit pretty hard by an Alan Watts tweet (Watts is dead, but it’s one of those accounts that tweets quotes)– that Zen isn’t about transcending doing the dishes, but it is to do the dishes– and to see that you only have to wash one dish. And I realize that’s a life skill that I lack, that I sorely need to embrace. I only have one word vomit to write, and that’s this one. And I’m about to finish it, how marvelous is that? And then it is a new moment. I’m a new me. Everything begins again, and I am refreshed.

So. To go back to the original point. I feel the need to challenge and inspire myself, and in doing so, challenge and inspire my friends, and perhaps, if I’m lucky, in doing so, challenge and inspire the world. But that’s just a need. It’s attachment. It’s a hangup, it’s a fixation on an idealized version of me that haunts me all the time. I don’t need that. Kill that guy. I just need to wash this dish.
I was really tired last night and figured that I must've been sleep deprived. So I went to bed at something like 830 pm after eating dinner and showering. And I woke up at about 1230am. I didn't know what to do at 1230am. I decided to go make myself a protein shake, because I'm still sore from the previous day's workout. And then I came back to bed, but I couldn't quite fall asleep. So I ended up just scrolling through Facebook, Twitter and Imgur on my phone. Which amused me at times, but next thing I know it's 330am. And I'm not sleepy. And I find myself thinking... did I really just spend 3 hours on my phone? My first thought is "That's not good." I could've spent that time writing word vomits or reading something more interesting, maybe.

But then I'm also thinking, maybe I need to give myself a break. There are at least two parts to thinking about this.

1. There seems to be some sort of wisdom inherent to the body about what it wants. Time you enjoy wasting is time well spent. In praise of idleness, etc. The thing is to be mindful and meditative about it, so you know when to stop. Ideally.
2. At the same time, I find myself thinking about addiction. The smoker will do anything to justify having another cigarette. "Wisdom inherent in the body" be subverted by supernormal stimuli and manifest as things like a sugar addiction, a porn addiction, and an internet notifications addiction of some kind.
3. Can #2 be transcended through meditation and self-love and mindfulness? Maybe.
4. What is somewhat clearer is– you can't get through #2 by being a disciplinarian. Beating myself up and making myself feel bad about how I've "wasted" my time is a sad and shitty way to live, and is not the kind of person I want to be. It doesn't work. Left unchecked it becomes a cycle of drama, ego, failure.

So let me try to be honest with myself here. What's really happening right now? I'm writing a word vomit because I feel frustrated. I was hoping to go to bed early and wake early. I did go to bed early, but I woke up in the middle of the night. I suppose I had no clear protocol for how to deal with that. I needed to pee, so I got up and went to pee. And I got back to bed and I didn't feel sleepy any more. At this point I should probably have started writing– not because I'm obliged to, but because it would've made me happy to have written. At some point while exploring thoughts in my head, I found myself thinking "oh I'm just 25 vomits away from 600, that would be nice". Not that I want to be fixated on the numbers entirely, but you get what I mean.

Having spent a couple of hours on the phone, mindlessly consuming, I find myself thinking that "I need to get this frustration and resentment out of my system so I can get a bit more sleep with some calm, and start the day right". It's 4am now. Should I try to sleep? What time will I wake up if I do? I would be annoyed if I didn't wake up before 9am, because I really want to change my sleeping habits. Should I just stay awake, and maybe work from home and take a midday nap? That sounds somewhat pleasant and doable. Should I try and get more word vomits out after this one? Maybe go through my email, stuff like that? I don't know. I don't have a protocol for thinking about this. I suppose I might as well spend the rest of this vomit thinking about it.

I should work backwards from my priorities. What is my biggest priority in life? I guess this is revealing to me that I'm not actually clear about what is most important. I think health should be technically most important but I'm not sure if that's actually true. I think there are a bunch of things I probably care about more than my health, but have been reluctant to admit. I think I desire social status– prestige and dominance, as described by Melting Asphalt. Why do I want social status? Well, to some degree all humans want social status. We're human. It's a human thing. Social status helps us survive, and so it's pleasurable to have it. But why do I seem to want it more than most people, or want it in a different way than most people? Or ignoring "most people" all together, how exactly do I want it? Before we dig into whether status is something worth pursuing or not, what sort of hole am I trying to fill?

I think it really always boils down to my childhood, my upbringing, my starting conditions. I'm still trying to make up for who I was as a kid. I'm still trying to compensate or overcompensate for those things. And a part of me recognizes that this can be unhealthy, and that I should stop projecting and just let that shit go and start over. Every moment is an opportunity to start over. But I also have this indulgence, I suppose. I'm still angry about the way I was treated by people who "should've known better", but didn't. I recognize that it's not their fault– it's nobody's fault and nobody's to blame– but there is still something in my life that I'm compensating for. This narrative might be cheesy and oversimplistic but in a meaningless universe I'm happy to take it and exploit it while it lasts– this idea that I was silly and stupid and naive, and then I got burnt for it, I got hurt, and that I had a "turn" as a result and have been scheming to turn all of that pain and frustration into something beautiful and good. That I would be validated for who I am and what I do, and what I create and produce.

Should I go to bed? Let's publish this and see if something else comes to mind. I think we'll have maybe another two vomits before I've "discharged" what's on my mind.
I was reading some Melting Asphalt and Kevin quoted something from Scott Adams. I think Scott said something like, "I enjoy being admired for making work that people enjoy, and I'm happy to repay the favor– I will admire anybody that makes good work, and I hope that admiration compels them to continue creating great work". I'm paraphrasing, of course, but I relate to that idea. I think it's an elegant and accurate idea.

I've been thinking a lot lately about how our taste as makers is really one of the most powerful or important things in the world, literally. I'm glossing over a lot of technical details and know-how– but to greatly oversimplify it, taste helps to create amazing things like iPhones and all sorts of amazing, inspiring things. It's also about open-ended tinkering (which I think is important), but is anything ever truly 100% open-ended, truly 100% random? Taste is always a part of the picture. This is the logical addendum to everything is a remix– everything is a function of your taste.

How do you develop your taste? You need to be honest with yourself about what you like and why you like it. I'm reminded of the Quentin Tarantino interview here (the one he did for Playboy), where he talked about how weird it was to him that so many people in the film industry didn't seem to know what they thought about something until they had talked about it with other people. Quentin, on the other hand, was a film geek himself, a person who made films because he was such a fanboy of films.

The fanboys shall inherit the earth!

No but really, the point here is that taste is valuable. The world beats it out of you when it isn't developed yet– they say you'll never go anywhere with it, that you're wasting time, being too verbose, full of yourself, pretentious, blah blah. Or maybe too serious, too arty-farty, too SOMETHING. Too different from the norm. Too unusual. And when you're new to making stuff, it's going to be different in a way that is a little laughable, silly, wrong or not-even-wrong.

Heh. Anyway that's my roundabout way of revisiting and circling around my ideas about taste [1].

Wait, what am I trying to do here again? I was starting with the Scott Adams quote. Prestige, admiration, making good things, being admired and signal-boosted for making good things, appreciating good things in turn. All of this is good because it makes people better off somehow, supposedly.

This vomit is a little sketchy. I think I'm getting sleepy again. Which is good.  All of this is just practice, rehearsal, going through laps in my brain in preparation for something better down the line.

All of this is me trying to recalibrate my personal attitude towards my own motivations in life. What matters? What should I be doing? How should I be spending my time? For a long time I carried in my head the idea that I would do a modern translation of George Orwell's essay 'Politics and The English Language.' In the end I decided to just copy and paste it, and format it a little, and add headers and stuff like that. It's not perfect, but it's a step in the right direction, and I'm happy that I've done that.

I'd like to do more things like that. I'd like to go back over my own brain droppings and examine the patterns– see what I've always said that I've always wanted to do, and just push out little oversimplistic prototypes of them – and then share them with the world, and see what sort of feedback I get. Yes, that is what I want to be doing with my time. I also want to finish this word vomit project. I used to have some sort of fantasy ideal for what the project would look like, but I'm getting a little tired and bored and am willing to settle for something messy, hacky, as long as it serves my broader writing goals.

So... what's next? I can just make a list of these ideas from scratch every time I feel stuck. Previously I thought I ought to maintain a rolling list of sorts, and maybe I might do that again eventually, but I've been feeling overwhelmed. This stuff shouldn't feel like an obligation or responsibility. I should be free to abandon things halfway when I feel like it. I have an obligation to writing itself, but not to any single piece of writing. I have an obligation to my taste, so if I feel something needs doing I should do that. If I make a list of things, and I get tired or uninterested or frustrated, what should I do? I think I should pause / hold that list temporarily and see where my interest leads me.

I recognize that there's a danger element here – it's possible to end up starting 10,000 things and never making progress on anything, never finishing anything, giving up on everything when it gets hard. But so as long as each thing is 'completed' in the barest, simplest of forms, it's allowed to live. For example– I once obsessed with the idea of writing about 'hacking and leveraging the 7 deadly sins'. If you google "visakanv seven sins",  you can find what I'd written about it. I think that's great – I never got around to writing a big book about it, but I have figured out a way of thinking about that stuff in a way that's useful to me, that I can share with others if I wish. It could be packaged a little batter even as it is – I think I'm always going to have that opinion because I'm always going to be refining my aesthetic sensibilities.

The point is... I should just ship stuff based on my ideas and ship as fast as I can, and if I get bored or uninterested, I should just follow my nose and do whatever interests me next. Why haven't I already adopted this, why isn't this simply a part of how I work, for my personal writing projects? I suppose I've been feeling "itchy", I've been wanting to write for public consumptions.

Patience, Visa. Get your house in order. Make stuff you like.

[1] I plan to have a nice, canonical essay about it on my main blog, but I'm beginning to realize that it often takes many drafts and attempts before I can really have a decent version of something.
D asks, what is confidence to you and what is the most charismatic thing about a person?

Those are actually two different questions, I think. A confident person isn't necessarily charismatic, a charismatic person isn't necessarily confident (but I think typically has to be.) There's this YouTube channel I really like called Charisma on Command that does great breakdowns of charismatic people, which is a good place to start for thinking about this sort of thing.

What I think is interesting is how much of confidence is manifested in the body. It really goes beyond your thoughts. And because it's a two-way street between the body and the mind, you can build confidence in the mind by building confidence in the body, and probably vice versa. Martial artists, performance athletes, etc understand this.

Confidence is about trust. It's about certainty in an uncertain world. It's about knowing something in advance.

There's a dark side to confidence – it's great when things are going well, but it can be a siren song in times when it isn't justified.

It's really this huge balancing act. You don't want to be too cautious to the point of never taking any risks and never doing anything ever, but you don't want to be so overconfident tha you make bets that you can't afford to pay.

In both cases, what actually matters is "how much are you really risking", and "can you afford to lose"? It's possible to be justifiably overconfident when playing with table stakes that you're completely confortable losing. And you don't have to be too cautious if you know that there's little to no downside to whatever you're doing.

Charisma is multi-faceted – too much of one particular thing without some sort of balance would turn a potentially charismatic person into a caricature. Conviction is charismatic, unless it gets hideously obsessive to the point where the person doesn't engage with anybody else. You need to be a listener, you need to read the audience, feed off of their energy, etc. It's a skillset that can be learnt, and each individual probably has a unique "charisma profile" that can be trained and honed and so on. Again, I'd defer to Charisma on Command for this – that guy really has this stuff well-covered.

I guess I'd like to spend the remainder of this vomit thinking and talking through my own confidence or lack thereof. When I was younger I think I was brash and overconfident. I did well in school as a kid, and so I assumed that I was smart and would always do well withou having to put in any effort. Boy, was I mistaken, and boy was I in for some pain.

Even as I started to mess up my grades in school, I remained cocky. I preserved by ego by convincing myself that I didn't do well because I didn't study, and that all I had to do well was to study– but that wouldn't happen because I supposedly wasn't interested in jumping through all of those hoops. [1] I would argue with people on the internet, or on Facebook, and I think I was pretty good at it – I honed it over years of forum interactions. Actually, come to think of it– another 'painful/shock' moment I experienced was on the Darkstone forums when I was a kid. I was in primary school, maybe 10 or 11, and I was brazenly posting nonsense in a video game forum, thinking that I fit right in. Turns out I made something up that everyone else thought was stupid, and I got mocked / laughed at for it. (I think. It was so long ago, I really can't remember the details).

Anyway, I don't think I posted much on that forum anymore, and went on to post on other forums instead – GameFAQs, SOFT, some other video game forum I can't remember where we got into extensive fanboy discussions about the precise nature of characters' fireballs. Viewed from today's vantage point, it seems like a lot of that was my training in web parlance – I learnt to dissect arguments, even pander to crowds. Yesterday I joined a Telegram group and somebody recognized me, saying that he was a fan of my writing "and... general online presence". That was simultaneously flattering and amusing.

Anyway, all of that experience has taught me to be careful with my words when arguing with people, to avoid certain classes of arguments and people altogether, and to be clear about what I'm dealing with in a given circumstance. And that has given me a lot of confidence when operating in a text-based environment, and I think it shows.

In contrast, I'm still semi-awkward with the spoken word, and with body language. I have enough basic skills with writing and thinking in words that I can deliver a speech, and I have a bit of stage experience as a musician and occasional emcee/comic, but for the most part I actually think I'm NOT very confident as a speaker, and I think it shows.

Come to think of it, all of this stuff happens on a continuum. I've had less a less confident friend tell me that she wished she could be as confident as I was when speaking up for her ideas. So it's all relative. I suppose we always think about people who are better than us, and we always focus on all the ways in which we fall short. But ultimately we have to know our own worth – we have a market worth based on what people are willing to pay for us (attention, admiration), and we have an inherent worth as human beings. And I think it helps if you fundamentally appreciate that.

[1] This answers a question from one of my recent vomits – what am I motivated by? What am I working so hard for? I'm trying to prove to myself that I can and will jump through hoops of my own choosing, if I see them fit. And maybe I'm constantly changing my ideas about which hoops are interesting, but I refuse to just give up and lie on my ass. I can do that when I'm old, or at scheduled micro-retirement type break.s
More than a couple of friends have asked me if I'm depressed, or if I'm experiencing some sort of existential crisis. I'm not sure. I think I could easily qualify for those things if I sought a diagnosis, but I'm not particularly interested in getting diagnosed. I remember being particularly depressed in 2007, when I was a teenager- I'm not sure how I managed to function back then. Everything was just a blur.

Life now is better in many ways. And yet it also seems bleaker in some ways. Not that it was less bleak then- I'm just more sharply aware of the general bleakness of things. I feel more weighed down by responsibilities and obligations – and these things were always going to happen. They were always on the horizon, I just maybe wasn’t paying enough attention to them. Or maybe you really just never properly realize it until it happens to you.

I just finished watching Season 2 of Bojack Horseman. I enjoyed the show. And I related a lot to a lot of the characters, who are broken, selfish, self-loathing, incompetent and all sorts of negative, lousy things. I see myself in them. But that’s not who I want to be.

After Bojack I caught a bit of President Obama addressing the Canadian Parliament. And he spoke about a bunch of inspiring possibilities – of the progress that humanity can make if we rally together and work hard. And I found myself thinking, I wish I was more like that. I wish I could be someone who contributed.

Now I’m zooming out and trying to be real about who I am and who I want to be. I am not a good person. I’ve made a lot of mistakes in my life. I’ve hurt a lot of people, upset and disappointed a lot of people. I’ve caused a lot of pain and suffering to other people. And some of that I simply will never be able to rectify or make amends for.

I’m thinking now of the anime Samurai X, where the protagonist is a former assassin who killed loads of people, and then turned over a new leaf and fought in a non-lethal way for good and justice and stuff like that. And the thing about it is– no matter how much good he does, he’s never able to undo the deaths that he previously inflicted. So it goes. That’s all you can do. The most you can do is do better next time. And that’s how I have to approach my own life. I haven’t killed anybody. At most I’ve annoyed and upset people, but life goes on for them and for me. Wallowing in my self-pity or self-loathing is actually the selfish, egoistic and unproductive thing to do. What I should do is get up, dust myself off and resolve to make a positive difference moving forward. Every day is a new day, every moment is a new moment.

Zooming out. What do I live for? I actually once answered that in an interview – and I think back then I said I lived for good conversations, for moments of inspiration and connection. I think that’s still true, but the problem is that I’m no longer satisfied with the conversations I used to be having. Those conversations were starry-eyed, hopeful conversations about what the future would hold. I’m living in the future of my past-self now. And while some of my circumstances have exceeded my expectations, other parts of it have proved overwhelming and painful. And I’ll just have to deal with that. It’s an inflection point – how I deal with this disappointment is going to determine what my life is, who I am, what I’m worth, what sort of person I become.

I’m 26 years old. More than a quarter of a century old. If I’m really lucky, that’s a quarter of my life. But I might die tomorrow, too. People better than me have died at younger ages. Every day is a gift, an opportunity, and I continue to squander many of them. I can’t confidently say “No More!”, because I’ve done that a few times in the past – I invariably end up disappointing myself and then fall back into old patterns, old routines. So that’s not the way forward. It’s cheesy but true that the way forward always requires radical self-love – even if you did things that nobody will ever forgive. You have to believe in yourself before anybody else can. You have to believe that something different can happen. And then make it happen, bit by bit by bit.

I like to think that I’m an idealistic, optimistic, big-picture person. But my big picture has gotten smaller over the years. The idea of the heat death of the universe forced me to realize that legacy isn’t something worth obsessing over. With each passing year I realize that the list of possible outcomes for me in my life grow smaller. I can no longer become an Olympic athlete. It’s unlikely that I’ll become an astronaut. It’s unlikely that I’ll climb Mount Everest. (Okay, that one is actually still achievable if I decide to devote a decade to it, but it’s not really something I care about so I can comfortably say that it’s never going to happen.) The list of things that are never going to happen just keep increasing. And I need to learn to find some sort of grace and comfort in that. It should strengthen my resolve to achieve the things that I CAN still achieve.

The voice in my head then goes, “But why bother achieving anything? Everything is garbage, you’re going to die anyway, the universe is going to die too, everything is for nothing.” That’s a painfully strong voice. And I don’t want to get rid of it through medication or through some sort of distraction. I want to face that voice head on and live through it, live past it. I don’t really believe in grand ideals like Freedom, Liberty, Justice and things like that. I think we live in a chaotic world that’s cruel and unfair and lots of bad things happen to good people. We’re kind of a disappointment as a species, in some ways.

But the species isn’t homogenous. There are differences in people and in places and cultures and whatnot. There are people who do good, people who are kind and helpful and full of love. I am not such a person but I want to become such a person. I would like to spend my time with such people, and grow old with such people, and die surrounded by such people.

I was reading an interview with Bill Gates back in 1994, and the interviewer asked him about his motivations. He said something like, you can’t be motivated by cheap things like wanting to win, or wanting more money. Part of what excited him was the vision to have a person computer on everybody’s desks, and that took 15 to 30 years and still excited him. And part of what excited him was that his company hired smart people and gave them interesting challenges to work on, and he felt alive in that environment.

We’re simple creatures. We’re capable of grandiose thoughts, but we’re simple creatures. We need sleep. We need to eat. We pee and poop. We’re animals that way. And part of what it means to be a social animal is to be driven by a need for kinship, peers, to be loved, to be admired and respected. And I suppose that’s all I can ever hope to achieve, to strive for. For a good life. What is a good life, how should we live? My answer to me is this – seek out the best possible peers you can, and earn their respect and admiration. Support them. Challenge them. Love them. And be loved.
I was looking through some old notes about my goals, and one of them was “help younger versions of me skip the potholes that I fell into.”

Well, what are the potholes? Off the top of my head: Bad diet. Bad sleep. Lack of exercise. Poor social skills. Lack of discipline. Lack of focus. Inability to plan and to execute on my plans.

Here’s what I know about diet, and I’m not an expert. Excessive sugar is a bad thing. When I was a kid I used to eat at McDonald’s all the time, because it was familiar, easy to order. And I guess I was pretty much addicted to carbs and sugar. I used to drink Coke all the time, and eat ice cream, and skittles and cookies and candies of all kinds. I’m amazed that my teeth are somehow still intact.

When I look back on my teenage years a lot of it was literally a blur, especially around ages 16 to 19. I was just constantly sleep deprived, constantly having sugar crashes, constantly irritable. I picked up smoking and I think I used it to help regulate my blood sugar levels. I didn’t eat breakfast, usually because I woke up anxious from not having done my homework the night before – I’d be worried about what sort of trouble I was going to get into at school. And it was just this endless cycle.

Diet was one thing that could have helped that. If I could go back and be a big brother to my younger self, I would get me to eat more proteins and fat, and less carbs. I would eat something more substantial for breakfast every morning – maybe 2-4 soft boiled eggs and a glass of milk.

I slept late all the time because I liked staying up late all the time, because that’s when I felt I had some sort of freedom and control over myself. It was really temporary, and illusion. It was time spent in the Dark Playground. But in those hours I felt “safe”, I felt like “me”. It seems really silly on hindsight but at the time it meant a lot to me. How would I change my mind about that?

Exercise. Oh boy, this is one way I could have made a huge difference. I would go to the gym, but I would only ever do a bunch of upper body stuff. The biggest thing I would do was the bench press – and then I’d do bicep curls, tricep extensions, shoulder raises, things like that. What I should really have been doing is squats, which I was terrified of doing because a part of me thought I was likely to get injured, and a part of me was embarrassed at how skinny and weak my legs were. And so I had a “looking for my keys under the streetlights” problem – I avoided doing the thing that most needed doing, and instead focused on minor things that felt more comfortable. As a result I feel like I’m years behind in terms of how fit I could be. I started doing squats late last year and it was life-changing. There’s something about squats – it uses the most muscle groups, it puts weight on the spine, it stresses the body fully in some good way – I don’t know the precise science of it, but it just makes me feel really good. It makes me feel stronger in a very fundamental way. It increases my testosterone levels, I’m sure.

Lack of discipline. It would be disingenous for me to tell my younger self to study harder, because the things I’m doing in life now are completely unrelated to what I did in school. In fact, if I could go back in time, I’d spend even less time in school, and less time worrying about my grades and whatnot. What I should’ve done instead, though, is be more discplined in pursuit of my own interests. I was interested in playing the guitar – I could have made a lot more progress and become a much better musician through some deliberate practice. In fact this is still something that applies to me – I still have so much of progress to make as a musician. I mean, there’s always progress to be made, but I haven’t even really plateaued as a limit of my abilities – I’ve plateaued because I’ve been too lazy to take the trouble to be focused and disciplined about what I need to learn.

If you think about it, progress is quite simple. It isn’t complicated or mythical at all. Progress is simply being able to do more than you were able to do better. If it’s in the context of a single piece, it’s being able to say more with it, being able to emote it more strongly. Being able to do more with less, and so on.

Inability to plan and to execute on my plans – I’ve only made some progress on this, and I’ve made it very recently, but I think it’s enough to inform my past self a little better. The big mistake I made over and over again, and continue to make now, is to try to plan too big, too large. That’s setting myself up for failure. If you can’t run 2.4km, there’s no point trying to run a marathon. You’ll just be overwhelmed, disappointed, see nothing but red flags, red scores, failures. If you can’t make and execute big plans, that’s fine. Make and execute small ones. Plan your next 5 minutes, and achieve that. Then plan your next 10 minutes, and achieve that. Do those little things over and over. If that sounds stupid to you, just do it anyway. Just keep increasing the scale and scope of your plans incrementally, and execute them in a tight feedback loop. It’s like playing a video game – you can’t just jump into level 50 and hope to get it through trial-and-error. There’s simply too much to handle, and you’re going to screw it up every single time. You need to work your way up from level 1. If you think you’re better than starting from level 1, demonstrate your finesse by blazing through it with an epic speedrun.

Poor social skills. I recommend reading the 48 Laws of Power – not because you want to have power over others, but because you want to have power over yourself. That’s really the only power you ever really have. You want to see how you’re affecting other people, how other people are perceiving your supposedly clever or important actions. And you’ll realize that you’re not as big as you thought, you’re not as important as you thought, and most people have a less-than-positive impression of you. And if you want to achieve great, cool things, you’re going to need to win people over. That requires humility. That requires listening.
I haven't written a word vomit in almost a month. I don't really like writing "I haven't been writing" passages, because it's the same old thing over and over again. It might make sense to write a one-size-fits-all passage for that and then just reference that. Maybe I'll write it now and then never write it again.

Why do I stop writing? Sometimes I just get tired or bored. I feel like I've been repeating myself a lot, and I'm no longer very interested in what I have to say.

What have I been doing instead of writing?

1. I had to take a week off to do my reservist duty, which was an interesting sort of "flashback quest" of sorts. [1]

2. I've been watching a lot of Game of Thrones – I only started watching it after Season 6 had already ended, and I just finished watching all 6 seasons together with the wife. I've enjoyed it. I sat down to write a vomit entirely devoted to that, but I started with some preamble and I guess I'm going to flesh out an entire preamble vomit first.

3. I was reading a little. I finished up Understanding Comics, which is a great book about making sense of a medium (visual storytelling) and its various unique traits, its history, conventions, tropes and so on. I started reading Anna Karenina, which is a lot more engaging and compelling than I thought it was going to be. I somehow always assume that classics are going to be incredibly difficult and intimidating, which I think is a shame. Classics should be read for pleasure, in pursuit of curiosity, not out of some sort of solemn obligation. Literature departments are often terrible for Shakespeare, except when passionate teachers teach them. I've been reading Leading by Alex Ferguson. I'm not a football fan, but I am certainly a fan of successful managers of all kinds. I guess I'm hoping that I'll learn something interesting or useful that I can apply to my own life, to manage myself and my life better.

4. I spent some time with my in-laws. I'm not sure if I've written very much about it – my wife and I have had a poor relationship with her parents ever since we started dating over a decade ago. They've finally begun to warm up to us and welcome us into their lives, which is a little confusing to navigate but I think it's something positive.

5. I bought a fitbit. I've been writing and thinking for years that sleep is one of the most important things that I should fix, and I figure that tracking it makes it likelier that I'm going to manage it better. There are still probably some things that I'm overlooking.

6. I haven't been working out as much as I want to. I was done with my remedial training, and I'm done with my army reservist, so I have the next 10 months or so to get into the best shape of my life. I want to do that. I'm thinking about how, for a long time it was an incredibly painful limiting factor for me to have very weak, skinny legs. I'm still skinny overall but I'm not so weak anymore. I managed to squat something like 80 or 90kg. I've lost some of that strength from disuse– I think I trained a little too hard at the time, but I'm confident that I can get it back and I'm eagerly looking forward to getting it back. The next big limiting factor for me physically is cardiovascular fitness. I've never been able to run 2.4km in under 12 minutes, as far as I can remember, and it's a great source of shame for me. I haven't run it in under 13 minutes in recent times. I don't know if it's something to do with my mitral valve prolapse (it's a minor heart condition where some blood backflows a little after each pump), or if it has to do with me being very long and lanky and having low blood sugar, etc. A part of it in the past used to feel like it was a lack of leg strength, but my legs are a lot stronger now from squats. Anyway it's something I want to work on for the sake of breaking limitations. I would like to go to my next reservist and be one of the fittest men there. I reject the assumption that middle-aged men have to be flabby. I want to be a really fit old man.

7. I have been doing some home improvement DIY stuff that I was procrastinating on. I finally drilled up my guitar hangers in my study/lounge room. I was putting it off I think because I was worried that I was going to get it wrong, that it was going to be sloppy and I was going to hate how it looked. Spoiler alert: I wasn't able to get it perfect. Some of the distances aren't quite right. Maybe I could have spent a little more time measuring and doublechecking and troubleshooting. But actually, now that I look at it, I'm much happier that it's done than not. It still looks good, just slightly imperfect. But such is life.

Wow, guess the floodgates have opened and I'm writing again. Onwards to the next vomit.

[1] You know, like in those TV shows or video games where an episode / quest is spent sending the protagonist back in time, either to flesh out some backstory, or just for a change of pace. I am always fascinated by the passage of time and space. Over time, we tend to move across different spaces. It's always interesting to revisit an old space – it brings back memories and thoughts from an older time. Wearing my boots again was an interesting experience. Visiting a friend who lives near where I grew up was an interesting experience. I'm not sure if I want to go through all of those thoughts right now, but I imagine I will sooner or later.
While I haven't been writing, I've definitely been doing a lot of thinking – at least subconsciously, or semi-consciously, or pre-consciously... well it's been simmering on my backburner. I've been thinking about what my future is going to be like, and actually what the future of my writing is going to be like. I feel like I've achieved a bunch of things that I had set out to achieve with my word vomit project, with my marriage, home ownership, and at work. The overarching question weighing on my mind in all cases is, "Well, now what? What next? Where do we go from here?"

With my word vomit project – I've grown rather weary of thinking out loud about myself, examining my own habits, my lifestyle, my day-to-day life, my identity performance, my existential woes and so on. I want my writing project to serve my future writing projects. I know I want to become a published author. I'm not yet 100% sure if it's going to be fiction or non-fiction, but I know that it's going to have narratives, it's going to have characters, it's going to be about events, it's going to have settings, it's going to challenge and move readers to think in somewhat new and interesting ways. So I have to work backwards from that. I'm not particularly obsessed with the idea of having a physical copy of a book published, although that would be a nice tangible output. It's possible to overoptimize for that and write something not-great for the sake of it just to publish something. I definitely don't want to do that. What I want is to write something that satisfies my own taste. And that's where the gap comes in – it's possible to use "this doesn't satisfy my taste" as an excuse for never publishing anything ever. That's sad and unproductive and misery-inducing. So... no. What I want to do instead is publish lots of little experiments in writing that get me closer to what I want to do. I know that on my deathbed I'm still going to think, "Ah, that stuff I published wasn't nearly as perfect as I wish it were." It's going to be 10% of what I wanted it to be. That's just a limitation of reality and I'm going to have to work with that. Let's just get that out of the way as early as possible.

I want to write essays, trains of thought, assessments of things, evaluations, interpretations, what-ifs, observations, hypotheses. I also want to develop a taste for... describing tangible things. I read somewhere that some author would spend his days verbalizing whatever he was doing. I guess you could call this the development of a narrator's voice. How do I describe people? How would I describe my colleagues, my commute, my work, my marriage, my home, all of those things? I don't have a lot of practice doing that. I write in a somewhat abstract way, describing concepts and ideas rather than details. So I guess I want to get better at describing details. Maybe I should take a few vomits just describing objects. That does sound like fun to me. Although I'm not sure if it makes sense to devote an entire vomit to a single object. That sounds like it would be stretching it.

Well, that last paragraph was me taking something wispy and vague in my mind and making it precise by putting it to pixel. I appreciate that. I think that's one of the coolest, most magical things about writing. I want to keep doing that over and over again. I find myself thinking "I would like to spend a year doing nothing but that." To which my second thought is "I better be careful what I wish for, because that might just get boring fast."

Which makes me think about this interesting tension between committing to a project and seeing it through (which I am doing with the 1,000 vomits – I'm going to finish it even though at times it felt like I should abandon it to do other things) and allowing yourself to change and adapt and evolve your idea about what you're doing. It's the challenge of project management, and I see my boss and colleagues doing it every day over the course of months and years. Some things just have to be abandoned, but other things have to be revisited over and over again even though it's tedious. How do you find a balance?

Well, you need to have a vision of what you want, where you want to go. That can change over time, but you shouldn't change it every day. You should figure out what your invariants are. So if you want to build a great software business, and you're committed to doing that, you shouldn't change your mind next week or next month and decide to do a consultancy instead. Well... it's complicated and I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do justice to the nuanced system of thinking and planning within the context of a single vomit. I'm not sure my mind is clear enough about it.

But here's what I think I know. I know that I want to be a writer, for example. I'm quite comfortable saying that that's never going to change. I may eventually develop into becoming a screenwriter or a playwright or something specialized like that, and that will require developing some specific skills that I might not foresee. But the grander vision that contains all of that is – to develop myself in the art of seeing, in the art of thinking clearly, in communicating effectively, and to use those skills to say things that aren't being said well, to say things well in a way that moves people, that helps people see things in new ways, do new things, transcend old ways of seeing and being. That vision is pretty much unchanging, I can commit to that. So the devil really is in the details, which I'll get into in another vomit.
In the previous vomit I began to start thinking out loud about what my greater vision for my writing was. I began to frame it in grand terms – that I wanted to become an effective communicator who would see things differently and challenge people to see, think and do better. That's not new, that's just a restatement of what has always been fundamentally true. That doesn't make it redundant, I think it's important to remind yourself of the big picture so that you can see whether you're making decisions consistent with that bigger picture or not. If it seems like EVERYTHING I'm doing is consistent with it, then maybe I'll benefit from narrowing down my scope a little. So let's narrow my scope. How am I going to do the above?

Well, there are some constraints with regards to what I can see and what I can talk about. I'm not going to give the world a new and interesting perspective on Palestine. I'm not going to tell an amazing story about things that I don't know, that I don't understand. So first I need to be clear about what I do know, and what I do understand, and what I am on the brink of understanding.

If I'm not careful though I could fall into the trap of writing things that are trivial, that I know too well, that aren't all that interesting. At some point I said that I wanted to understand procrastination better than anybody else, and that I wanted to write a great guide for it, and I wanted to lift other guys like me out of their funks, to spare them the pain and frustration that I experienced. I think the underlying sentiments behind those things are decent, but I'm also a little wary of that path now – because while I'd definitely like to be helpful, I don't want that to define who I am and I don't want it to become my focus. I would like to hang out with and work with high-functioning people, and challenge THEM.

This reminds me of a conversation I used to have over and over again with my boss at our 1-1 meetings. I often said that what motivated me was figuring out how to cross the river in front of me, and then going back and helping others cross that same river. He asked, why not go forward and cross the NEXT river instead?

On hindsight it's obvious that he had some context and understanding of the scenario that I didn't. Suppose I wanted to become an expert at helping teenage boys become great at dating, because I felt I wasn't that great at it myself when I was a teenager. That's doable, but then you spend your time and energy getting good at something instead of something else. There's an opportunity cost there that isn't apparent when you aren't paying attention to what's ahead of you. It's nice to feel good about what you figured out, but you should typically spend the bulk of your time figuring out what's NEXT.

Is this true? Yes I think it's true. Life should be lived forward not backwards, especially when you're young. When you're old and weary you have plenty of time to sit around and write life advice for young people, if you're so inclined. In the meantime it makes more sense to think, well how am I broken, how can I reach the next level? Because each time you reach the next level you realize that the last one was just a stepping stone to this one. What's less obvious is that this current stage is itself a stepping stone to the next one. We get a little philosophical here, pondering about whether one should live in the moment or not, whether one should seek to be blissfully detached, or seek a deep attachment. To inhale or exhale. Obviously you need a balance of both, in some sort of back and forth configuration. Life would be boring if it were really all about one or the other.

I paused writing this at this point to start an outline of "Visa 2020 vision doc", where I wrote down what I want my life to be like at age 30. I know that I want to be a writer, maybe a full-time writer, but realistically probably still working full-time while writing like a beast in my spare time. I know that I want to commit to eventually becoming a full-time writer, which means narrowing down non-writerly pursuits. Almost everything I do, apart from putting food on the table and a roof over my head, should be focused on helping me become a better writer, and/or helping me reach my goal of becoming a full-time writer in my mid-30s.

Examining the lives of successful writers, there are broadly two paths. One set of people work in a completely unrelated field, and they switch off about it. They work at the post office, or the butcher's, or they're a civil servant or something, and then they write at night. Others work in a related field – journalism, copywriting, etc – and they build their chops at work. I need to be clearer about how I manage my time, how I manage my own boundaries. I need to be honest with myself about my career goals. Right now I'm doing software marketing. I love the work environment, I love my boss, I love my colleagues. I don't 100% love what I do, but if there's anything I've learnt in the past decade or so it's that "100% love" is an unrealistic and unhealthy target. Whatever you love doing, there's going to be a bunch of shitwork around it. If you love writing, you're still going to have to do editing, and keep up with deadlines, and all sorts of things that will be a pain in the ass in its own way.

But the point is... I have to be honest with myself about what my objectives are, what I really want to achieve, where I really want to focus my efforts, how I really want to spend my time. I'm not doing anyone any favors by being half-hearted in everything. I do believe it's possible for me to give my best at work AND do great writing at home afterwards, but I need to be clear about the goals on both counts.
Started in 30th may, finished aug 1

The biggest tragedy of my life- and I know that I’m tremendously lucky to have such a first world problem- is that I feel like I waste my time.

So the question arises- is there an objective truth here? Is it true that I’m wasting my time? There is no absolute truth in the context of the universe; the universe doesn't care how you spend your time. So the real constraints are biology, culture, beliefs.

Beliefs can be changed. An individual can modify how his social group influences him, either by moving outright to another group or mix of groups, or by changing the filters that he engages them with.

Biology is probably the biggest constraint but even that isn't clear cut because it is shaped and influenced by social, cultural, psychological factors. Only the most fundamental constraints apply. Death is the most global biological constraint for humans- we wouldn't feel like we were wasting our time if we knew we'd live forever.

That said, there are people who die who DON'T feel like they're wasting their time. Some out of ignorance, which is no longer an option for me. Some by figuring out and enacting an optimal configuration of beliefs, actions, social contexts and so on.

I guess even if the condition is false (you can't waste time because life is ultimately meaningless) the feeling is real and I have to address it one way or another. And I don't really want to explore the "it doesn't matter because life is meaningless" idea as a solution because I can always revert to that when the rest of my options are exhausted, but not the other way around.

Okay, so I feel like I waste my time. What is the source of that feeling? Where does it come from? Probably a big part of it comes from comparing myself to others, and that's never healthy. But even when I'm on my own and focusing on myself, I still have that nagging feeling. There's something in my subconscious trying to stir me to act, and I've been neglecting and avoiding it out of fear and laziness. Fear of discomfort, pain, shame, failure etc.

I've written about this probably a hundred times by now. I did some squats this morning and that really helped. I have fitness goals- I want to squat 100kg. My last PR was 90kg, so it's definitely within reach. I know that squats make me feel better- they make me breathe a lot harder, and I get endorphins or some other good feels from it. I believe that I need to retrain myself to get good feels out of everything else that I know I want to do. I want to blaze through the remainder of these word vomits. Do at least 1 every day. I have two commutes every work day, I can write on those. I'm doing that right now, but I don't always do this. I typically do it when I know what I want to write about, when I've slept well, when I've worked out. Writing is frustrating work except when you happen to know exactly what you want to say and how you're going to say it.

Anyway, so those are the variables, aren't they? If I want to write more, I'll just need to plan ahead of time what I'm going to write, and then get started on each commute. I don't need to feel obliged to finish every single one, I just need to commit to starting. That should make a dent.

Haven't I tried this before? What happened the last time I tried this? I got bored of my own prompts, got frustrated and annoyed looking at them, and eventually felt stifled (I couldn't write new things when I felt like I was obliged to write old things) and then I eventually deleted everything and felt a sense of relief. Okay so clearly these prompts have to have an expiry date). Another thing I've done is that I've asked people to give me prompts, so I feel like I'm writing letters to specific people rather than just writing into the ether, making up stuff to myself. Knowing in advance that somebody cares about something makes me doubly want to do it. [1]

I stopped writing this around 800 words and left it off there. I’m revisiting it about three months later. And I think if I’ve made any progress, it’s realizing/recognizing that there’s no magical answer to all of this. I’m always going to feel like I’m wasting my time so I have to make my peace with it. I just have to clarify and focus and do one thing at a time and get it out of the way. I waste too much time running in circles. And perhaps one day I will be able to exploit my running-in-circles tendency to create some great art, but in the meantime that isn’t exactly an option. Chasing every whim isn’t fulfilling, anyway. Every sustained success requires discipline and sacrifice. And so it is the case here. I have been repeating this to myself for years now, and will probably continue to repeat it to myself for decades to come. The hope and plan is that I’ll be able to summarize it in shorter sentences, be able to reference old material with a few lines rather than reinvent the wheel over and over.

I know that I am capable of more. I believe that I want more. I need to sit down and dig deep and get it. That requires facing my fears and leaning into discomfort. I already know that the alternative isn’t much better. Life is struggle. Lean into it.

[1] Here I have to start wondering- if knowing that somebody cares about an outcome makes me (supposedly) likelier to want to do something, why doesn't this translate to me being super productive at work? I know that my colleagues care that I get my work done. So there have to be some extra variables here that I'm not thinking about. I've also procrastinated on delivering things for my own side project, surely frustrating my partner in the process. So maybe there's some common element in both of those things. Is it perfectionism? It's probably perfectionism. Fuck perfectionism, just ship things!
Started on 07 Jun 2016, revisited and finished on 1st Aug 2016

Had a quiet and uneventful birthday; spent it alone at home with the wife, doing a bit of work, tidying up my movie reviews (that's done for now!) and talking to old friends.

There's a bit in Ray Dalio's principles where he talks about figuring out what you want and then separately figuring out how to get there, what's stopping you, what you need to change and so on. And one of the important things is being very clear about what you want, independent of what it takes to get there. You don't want your present capabilities to influence the goal you set for yourself, because your capabilities can change. And there's a bit somewhere else- I think by Eric Schmidt, in How Google Works- that talks about how in some ways audacious goals are easier to reach than mediocre ones, because they inspire and challenge people, they invite suggestions and assistance. I've witnessed this in other people. I'm quick to try and help or assist people who are working on cool things.

So it follows then that I should work on cool things and assist myself.

I have been hesitant lately. The past 4 years or so of my life have been sobering. I've come to realize that I'm not as smart or effective as I thought I was. I'm not guaranteed anything, the universe doesn't owe me a damn thing.

Anyway that's a long winded preamble to what I want to say- which is that it's clearer than ever to me that I want to be a writer. A man of letters. I want to make a living thinking and writing. I want to help people think and write better. I want to write essays, reviews, books, novels, stories, anything and everything that tickles my mind. I want to live like Ray Bradbury, Isaac Asimov, George Orwell. That's the company I seek. I want to carry on that tradition and I want to rearrange my life towards that goal. I know that it will be difficult and frustrating and lonely, but that’s the struggle I want to undertake.

Okay, so what are the next steps there? The first thing is that I need to ramp up my volume of writing. My current behavior is that of a semi-passionate hobbyist. I want to go pro. That means being a lot more intense and deliberate. It means doing little projects I've been meaning to do, like a modern translation of Orwell's 'politics and the English Language'. Why have I been putting that off? (UPDATE: I did this! Hurrah! Onwards.)

Partially because I feel that nobody would really care- but that's not true because I care. It's more that I don't feel like I'm good enough. But I have to recognize that as the Resistance talking. I'm much better than I was 3 or 4 years ago when I was much more comfortable just writing my mouth off without thinking about whether the work was good, or deserved to be called work. I've swung to the other side entirely now; I hardly write anything for public consumption and have been doing introspective writing for 3 years. It's time to swing back.

So next steps again- I need to make sure that I'm writing every day. I don't necessarily need to get my word vomit project done ASAP- or rather, it's okay for me to write the drafts of other things within the word vomits context- the mean girls essay was originally from here! There's a lot more stuff from here I intend to repurpose, too. Where I used to not care about structure or planning, now I'm over thinking it. I have to start with what excites me the most, and let it all out, and trust that there's more where that came from. I need to stop stockpiling ideas, worrying that I'll have nothing once I use them up. That's complete BS. I have unlimited ideas. I am vast and limitless beyond my own understanding.

^ I stopped writing there, and am continuing after a few months. All of the above is true and valid, I think. And yet for some reason I didn’t spend the next few days throwing myself into my writing. The tempting thing to say is that I was distracted by obligations, that I was too busy, and so on. But those are excuses, I feel. If something is important you make time for it. I made a lot of time to watch Game of Thrones with the wife. It was relatively easy to do, just sit and consume, turn it on and wait. Writing in comparison can be a little scarier, a little less gratifying.

I want to write millions and millions of words. The first million is just a tutorial zone of sorts, a dry run. After that it’s just going to be novel after novel, baby. Short stories. Pamphlets. Essays. About anything and everything. I’m going to publish with a furious anger. Along the way I’ll want to figure out how to do it for a full time living, if possible. But if not, no matter, I will write for myself at night, on the commutes. I just need to design the process a little better for myself so that I don’t have to try to come up with things on the spot. I should list out all my prompts in advance, as well as my curiosities and interests (have done some of that), so I can just chase whatever I find to be interesting. And I’ll have to block out some distractions that will have me spending time in ways I dislike. It’s all about prioritization. It’s all about focus. And I’m going to keep building that muscle. I’m going to break through barrier after barrier with my writing, I’m going to explore parts of my mind I haven’t explored my entire life. I’m going to ask questions that have never been asked before. I’m going to make comparisons that have never been made before.

But really all of that lofty shit is just #goals, the more important thing is that I put in the day-to-day hours. I remember for a period of time I was having alot of fun just ticking off boxes one by one. I’d try to do one every day, which let me tick off the calendar, and I’d try to do as many as I can thereafter, which let me fill out many X’s on a page with 1000 boxes. I should probably return to doing that. Or just incorporate it into my daily todo lists. We’ll see. The point is, I want to be a writer.
Singapore’s survival is not guaranteed. If you’ve followed Game of Thrones, or Mass Effect, or the Ender’s Game prequels – the warning is always the same. Winter is coming. The reapers are coming. The Formics are coming. A house divided will not stand. We can all have our differences, but we will need to set aside our grievances to withstand our common enemies. Our common challenges. We are a tiny red dot, a sampan floating on a Malayan breeze. We’re fragile but don’t realize it, and we’ve heard so many people say it that it’s easy to write them off as scaremongering. (And yes, it doesn’t make sense to live with panicked fear. Rather, we need to calmly assess the reality of our situation and act accordingly.)

Folks from the government will always have their hands a little tied – they cannot speak frankly about some issues because of the challenges of their position. (Consider, for example how MPs will never openly state that some of their constituents who show up at their MPS sessions are selfish and entitled, because they’ll get all sorts of backlash for it.) (I’m also thinking now about sensitive issues around our Middle East policies– which I’m hesitant to write about because I don’t know all the details [who does?] and I don’t want to say something unhelpful).

I’ve thought about this multiple times over the years – about whether Singapore is something that’s really worth fighting for. And – after seriously, seriously considering the alternative, I’ve come to think that it is. Singapore has its share of problems and challenges (and the weather…), but it’s really something special against the backdrop of most of the world. I’m not the most well-travelled person in the world, but I’ve been to Cebu, Bangkok, Johor. I went went back to my grandfather’s village in Chennai in early 2016. It was so dingy and dusty. It was interesting to be in the Philippines, where so many of our domestic helpers come from, and to see people jiving to music out in the open, and where shopping malls have security checks to make sure you don’t have any firearms on your person. To Bangkok, the land of smiles, where I accidentally walked right into the middle of a massive protest (which really seemed much more like a big happy party, except for a few newspaper headline photo moments). To India, where the moment you step out of the airport you’re accosted by smiling men who start loading your luggage onto a car, hoping to get some tips out of it.

The point is… Singapore’s something special, and it’s very easy to take it for granted. It’s very easy to rely on the Night’s Watch to guard our borders, so we can focus on catching Pokemon or bickering about hawker ceilings or bin centers. And all of those things are themselves important. The people who stay up at night ensuring our survival do so to protect our freedom to pursue the frivolous and trivial and mundane. But we should get involved.

Here are some of my concerns:

one– Changing geopolitics. China is on the rise. That’s great for millions of people who are being lifted out of poverty. But change always comes with costs. China has good intentions I’m sure. Our neighbours do too, and yet we have things like Konfrontasi in our history which results in lives being lost. It’s a point-of-view that applies even to us as individuals– that we can love our families and friends, but we have to also protect ourselves from what harm they might cause us.

two– terrorism. I am not a scholar or academic. I cannot say for sure what caused terrorism. Perhaps it’s echoes of colonialism, some say religion itself – the crusades and whatnot. Jihad vs Mcworld. These are challenging conversations to have. But you know –when a terrorist or ‘freedom fighter’ detonates a bomb that kills your friends and family, it’s hard to sit down and look at it through dispassionate lens of global power struggles. When someone sets off a bomb in Singapore, there’s a good chance they’re going to claim to be acting on behalf of a certain belief system. The goal of that is to divide us. To sow suspicion and discord among our citizens. We must not let them.

three– Technological advancement. We are currently living in the most complex time in the history of the human species. If the collective we call Singapore is to survive, we will have to adapt. We are seeing reusable rockets, driverless cars, increasingly intelligent AI… we cannot bury our heads in the ground at all of this. Singapore survived its difficult inception because of its bold commitments to embracing technology (the story of how we adapted to the advent of modern container shipping is probably not told enough– as well as the rise and fall of computer chip manufacture, and then banking), and it’ll have to continue to do so or risk being left behind. Our taxi drivers are going to be affected when driverless car technology becomes viable, but we shouldn’t use that as an excuse to avoid the future. We should do what we can to help them manage the transition, but we must engage with the future as it comes.

four – distractions. It will be tempting to do XYZ. We have to stay focused. We should exploit every advantage that is available to us, because there aren’t many. We should eat healthier, exercise more, keep our healthcare costs down. We should build relationships with one another, share our knowledge and expertise. Do exchanges with /r/malaysia, etc. /r/ASEAN should be a thriving subreddit, the Southeast Asian community deserves to have its own identity and community in this rapidly changing modern world. We have to build up the social capital now before we need it, so that we’ll be able to better come together to take collective action when necessary. It’s a common joke that ASEAN is an ineffectual organization that doesn’t accomplish much – but whose fault is that? Why do we blame our leaders? We should step up to the plate ourselves and build our own relationships with one another. Whether you’re a musician, an academic, whatever – there are all sorts of opportunities to collaborate with one another across our shores, and we should lean towards that. Our children will be glad that we did.

Singapore is well positioned to be one of Earth’s greatest cities, and I think we don’t appreciate that enough. What’s stopping us? We have some draconian attitudes towards things like sex education, LGBT, marital rape, drugs. We need social capital. Learn, grow, educate ourselves and take ownership of our own future and destiny, not just wait for the Government to do something about it.

We cannot depend on PM Lee and his team alone, or the PAP or the Worker’s Party or a combination of both. We must ourselves defend Singapore. We must all take a personal interest, we must all be active citizens. That’s how we flourish. That’s how we stand out.

Most people in the world are somewhat happy-go-lucky, a little sloppy. If we stay focused, chalenge one another, we can show the world what Singapore can be.

Sometimes when my wife's phone is out of battery, she'd borrow mine and scroll through my Facebook feed. (I do take a bit of pride in the fact that I have an interesting FB feed.) But watching her do it one day made me realize that Facebook feeds have basically replaced the morning paper. And to some degree, after-work drinks. Why do we do that? Why is it so compelling? My parents used to ask, "why are you on the computer all the time"- but they read the papers every morning too. We're just doing it on different mediums. It happened in the past, too- parents would complain that their kids spent all their time reading trashy novels or reading tabloids.

Here's a thought- reading the papers or scrolling through a newsfeed isn't just about gathering information and being well informed. It's significantly a social activity. Instead of sitting around a village square, we stared at symbols made of ink, pressed onto dead trees, and hallucinate about events that supposedly happen around the world.

Tinder doesn't actually replace dating outright- it allows people to match with one another, to calibrate their own position in the dating marketplace. And I think the way humans are wired- we love supernormal stimuli like any other animal. A Tinder match provides a rush of good feelings, which says "yes, somebody finds me attractive". I imagine most Tinder matches don't end up in actual dates and most Tinder dates don't end up in actual relationships (if there's such a thing as an actual relationship anymore- or if there ever really was).

Er... I started this train of thought intending to make the case that ALL habitual media consumption has a certain effect on people. Something along the lines of collective self-regulation. As Steve Jobs said in a pessimistic interview with Wired (while he was still at NeXT, I believe) – the media isn't conspiring to dumb us down, it's conspiring to give us what we want. Bread and circuses. It's symptomatic of the greater, central tragedy of humanity. Hopefully we can contribute towards correcting this a little. But that's another story.

Aside – I wonder if alien anthropologists came to Earth, with a genuinely curious and non-judgmental intent, what would they make of these hairless monkeys tapping at glass all day? (Usually these thought experiments are described with this annoying holier-than-thou attitude, meant to elevate the author, but in this case the author taps on glass more than any other hairless monkey around so...)

I think they would observe something like- humans, having domesticated their environments, have enabled themselves to indulge in their constant cravings for stimulation. Their ancestors were hunters on the savannah, but for many there is no longer a need to hunt, and many spend hours sitting in chairs, standing in trains, facing no danger. The sight of thousands of people crammed into trains is a stunning contrast from how it was before. Isn't it funny that we're so quick to criticize people for being on screens all the time, but not the underlying forces that have created this circumstance? Do you judge people for being on their phone on the train, talking to loved ones, or playing games, or even arguing with strangers on the Internet? I mean, how many rush hour trains have you been on? I've been doing this for over a thousand days now. It's dehumanizing! We were never meant to be stuffed in compartments like cattle (and hey, neither were the bloody cattle). I took the train a little earlier than usual today and I've had at least 20 different strangers' bodies pressed or rubbing against mine.

If industrial-farmed animals could have Facebook, or a comforting virtual reality that distracted them from the horrific drudgery of their senseless existence, wouldn't it be merciful to grant it to them?

Huh, I suppose that's also an argument for the proliferation of comforting religions, with the promise of paradise in the afterlife.

Anyway – screens are getaways for people who can't afford better. (I think this was definitely the case for me as a child when I was deep-diving into video games, and to some degree this is also the case for people playing Pokemon Go. People want to have fun. They want to get away from the bullshit of everyday life. Judging them for that is a special kind of shitty, IMO.)

Here's a thought experiment- if you could have anything you wanted (within the realm of physical possibility), in exchange for your digital life, would you take it? How about a billion dollars? I'd take it for a billion. (I wouldn't take it for a million. Maybe at least 10 million. But that would be a tough call to make, I'd have to spend some time thinking about it. What does that say about the wealth bestowed by technology, though? It hasn't yet delivered us physically from shifty commutes, but give it time. Driverless cars are already on the roads in Singapore.) I'd basically want enough wealth to reshape your physical reality such that you'd never be in a crowded train going somewhere you don't feel like going. Hire a personal assistant and have them manage your social appointments and whatnot.

Anyway I'm done with this morning's shitty commute. Looking forward to the TL;DR comments. I probably wouldn't read this either if it appeared on my feed. But this is what I enjoy doing when I'm crushed against other humans. I'd like to make a living as a writer someday.

And now, for the point I was originally intending to make before I got led down that fun bunny trail – I think it’s interesting that people begin their days (myself especially) by reading newsfeeds. Because unless you have a super-curated newsfeed that’s heavily biased away from the norm, it pretty much guarantees that you’re going to be primed in a certain way that most people tend towards. With social media it might be a bit more complex, but in general just reading the news and so on– checking in on what your friends are up to– that’s not going to push you to act in the most optimal way towards your goals. It would make far more sense to wake up and review your goals. I’m going to try to start doing that moving forward.

(Commute begins.) Let me start by thinking about yesterday’s post. There’s an image I saw recently- an artistic image of a man wearing a VR headset. I found myself thinking "that's kinda weird-looking, people are gonna call these folks weirdos." The thought that followed was, "well if you think that's weird, wait till you realize that a human wearing a VR set is actually a metaphor for a brain wearing a human."

That in turn got me thinking about how information is consumed, how the current iteration of the VR set is a magical piece of glass we hold in our hands, how it used to be newspapers and books. I glanced down the train and saw everyone else on their phones too, and thought about how everyone's really trying to escape from the strange, dehumanizing circumstances of a daily commute.

(As I write this, the teenage girl next to me is on Snapchat, smiling to herself as a friend makes faces- a signal of warmth, sent from one piece of magical glass to another, across a massive infrastructure of undersea cables and electromagnetic signals through the air. Another is messaging a friend. Another is reading a book. Another is staring into space. I'm writing this. We're all doing the same thing- trying to get away from the discomfort of our commute.)

All these commutes (and a lot of my life outside of it) has got me thinking about the systematic domestication of human beings. I don't want to be prescriptive or pass moral judgments- I don't want to say that it's a good or bad thing, or find someone to blame, or necessarily change anything. I just want to make sense of it all. Why do we do this? How did we get here? Where are we going?

There are a couple of books and blogs that have influenced my thinking on these things.

1. Antifragile, which uses phrases like "Soviet-Harvard complex". It's been a while since I've read it so I'm a little rusty- I remember Taleb's frustration more than his arguments.

2. A Sideways Look At Time, which points out that time itself has been colonized, standardized, divided and subdivided. Why do we use the calendar that we do? Why do we have 7 days in a week? Why 5 weekdays and 2 day weekends? Why are holidays distributed the way they are? It's all political. For a lot of cultures, time used to be local, flexible, following the natural rhythms of the environment. Railroads meant that an objective clocktime needed to be established. The Singapore timezone was shifted from GMT+7 to GMT+7.5 to GMT+8. What would it be like if we shifted it back? What if that's part of the reason so many people are bleary-eyed, sleep-deprived, caffienated?

3. Ribbonfarm's posts on nomads, barbarians and legibility. Just consider the words “civilized” and “barbaric”, and how we naturally assume that one is positive and one is negative. We’re rooting for OUR team, of course. But imagine what civilization looks like to a free barbarian riding through the wilderness – with its strange jails and its necessity for contracts and lawyers and commutes. Civilized folks ask nomads, “why are you travelling?” But nomads ask, “why are you stuck?” Human legs, after all, were made for walking and running long distances.

There is so much more to the picture.

Food – We eat too much sugar and carbohydrates, probably hundreds or thousands of times more than our ancestors. Our food pyramids put bread, rice, wheat etc at the bottom. If you walk around any mall, it's practically impossible to get any snack that isn't either made of sugar or doused in it. Our kopi and teh are full of condensed milk even when siu-dai’d. It makes us cranky people who need constant stimulation. We just don’t realize it because it’s all we know, and we haven’t witnessed the alternative.

Schools – We're beginning to experiment with new and different things, but that doesn't change the fact that ultimately, fundamentally, public schooling around the world is an industrial process that has a standardizing effect on people. It’s part of why so many

Sex – I’m always pretty amused by how brazenly we put up hypersexualized models on display to sell products, the top 1% of supple breast and chiseled jaw used to remind everyday folks of their imperfections and inadequacies, anxieties hopefully relievable by purchase.

What am I getting at with all of this? I suppose I’m just trying to talk about how humans have been domesticated, and I’m listing out the ways in which it has been the case. I haven’t even gotten to the more insidious parts of propaganda, thought control, overton windows, the media, the news, entertainment, celebrity culture, and so on. Getting into those things would take weeks. (Which I’ll probably do, actually, just not right here or right now). Rather, I want to think clearly about HOW I want to approach all of this.

Why am I doing this, hasn’t anybody else done this already? Well I haven’t personally found anyone writing about it in a way that appeals to me. What do I find unappealing? I think very often when you watch those documentaries– Zietgiest or whatever – they go through a massive amount of trouble to pick some sort of enemy, and then demand that we take some sort of radical action– become protesters, or start farming vegetables ourselves (which is probably a good idea, to be honest). But I want I want to read is some real talk about what it means to be a human in 2016, navigating all of this, trying to find some peace of mind.

I don’t want to portray anybody as an enemy or a villain. Everybody’s the hero of their own story, one way or another, and I think we do ourselves and the subject of our interests a disservice when we try to simplify things into a hero vs villain story. It can’t possibly be that easy, or it would’ve been solved already. There has to be a path out of partisan hackery.


I read something yesterday that reminded me of what I want to be doing with my life. It was an article about how sometimes progress is held back despite the technology being available, because the culture and collective consciousness hasn’t quite caught up to it. And that can be said for a lot of things, can’t it?

Perhaps one of the most frustrating things about human progress is how so much of it is limited by things that are technically imaginary. We all participate in mass hallucinations – Pokemon Go seems crazy because it’s got people running around catching virtual objects that don’t exist in real life. But what’s really crazy is everything about everyday life that’s pretty much the same, just in ways we take for granted. I mean, to go from 0 to 100 real quick – money is just a piece of paper that we collectively agree is a representation of value. Holding up a piece of paper and saying “this is 100 dollars” is actually the same sort of behavior as holding up a phone with a pokemon on it and saying “this is a rare pokemon”. The only difference being that money is proliferated by a centralized governing body that everybody trusts. Why does everybody trust the central government? Well – not everybody in every country does, but in those that do, it’s usually because they’ve been running things for a while and they’re wearing uniforms and have papers and protocol and things like that.

But anybody can invent a uniform and claim to have a court of justice or anything like that. The real source of power is ultimately violence. The state simply has a monopoly on violence. The people living inside of it might not directly encounter it (but look at what’s happening even in America in 2016, with black people continuing to be mowed down by law enforcement officers), but there’s always ultimately a threat. If you don’t pay your fine long enough, or you cause enough of a nuisance, you get politely asked to go to court, and– the point is, behind all the facades and so on is a person with a gun putting handcuffs on you and leading you around, asking you to enter a cell – and you will comply with all of that, because if you don’t – sooner or later, somewhere down the line, there will be violence.

It’s interesting to contrast this sort of systematic, elaborate machine of violence with the more ‘random’, direct outburst system of violence outside of conventional civilization. Say, among barbarian tribes, hunter-gatherer types, nomadic types and so on. We don’t really have a lot of those left in the world in the truest sense – civilization has gotten all-powerful and has tiled out the wanderers in its land grab.

The question is – is it better for animals to live on a farm or live in the wild and then get hunted? Is it better to live a long life as a lamb, or a short life as a lion? I think these are questions that people have grappled with one way or another for centuries – is it better to be a Spartan or an Athenian? Are there objective answers? Or do people have predispositions that are varied and different, and different people end up preferring different ways of being?

There’s obviously not going to be an easy answer, and almost definitely no global ones. The only things that should really concern me are – what is it for me? How should I live my life? What should I choose to do? How should I choose to act? What do I value? What is important to me? How should I conduct myself? I feel like these are all things that I’m still figuring out, at age 26, as a married man. I’m still trying to figure out what family means to me, what a marriage is, what it means to be an employee, to be part of a team, to work for a startup, to do my best, or to do my good-enough. I want to be more than I am right now. I want to grow. I want to contribute. I say these things at 230am before I go to bed, and I think I need to practice saying them at all times of the day and revisit these things even more regularly than I already do. But at the same time I’m constantly reminded I don’t know shit. Oh well? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

I think it’s time for me to get back into the habit of writing every day, even if I’m repeating myself about anything. Fuck it, it’s really time that I completed this project and I think I have been delaying my progress by being too perfectionist or some shit like that. Or maybe I’m just afraid of what happens next. I’m afraid that I’d be done with 1,000,000 words and I’m still somehow not the writer I was hoping I would become – but as I say those words I recognize them as bullshit. There is no writer to become, there is only a state of becoming, and it’s only ever happening as I’m writing. This is IT. This is all I will ever have and all I will ever deserve as a writer, the moments where the words are coming out of my head onto a piece of paper or onto a screen through whatever medium, and whatever satisfaction I get out of that, that is all that matters. Everything else is peripheral. I should enjoy these moments even more now because they might not always be the same. I may someday long for these moments as the good old days, when I could just write whenever I felt like it, and not feel an obligation towards an “audience” or some bullshit like that.

Just keep writing. And maybe pop out between each session to see how things can be tied together. Then do a little editing. Then do more writing. This is my break from taking breaks, this is me entering stage monomaniacal. It’s fantastical.
Commute starts. I ran after the bus and caught it, am so thankful for thoughtful, observant drivers. And sometimes passengers will stall drivers at the door so that a trailing person can make it. I've always enjoyed doing this for other people- it's such a small gesture that costs nothing, yet gives another the gift of a few minutes.
 
I've been feeling something for years now and I still don't feel like I've ever properly articulated it. I'm 26 years old now. My early twenties are over. What was that about? That went by in an awful hurry. What were the milestones? What was significant? I don't know if I just have a really bad memory, but sometimes it feels like I took a nap and woke up 4 years later. It sometimes feels like a year or two ago that Obama became the first black President, like Lee Kuan Yew passed away a few months ago. It's September 2016? What?
 
Time is really a strange bloody thing. I read a quote somewhere that said it takes 10 years to get used to being a certain age. And yeah I think I'm finally okay and done with being 16, 18, 20, 22. But what's the difference between me and my 24 year old self? I have more responsibilities, I'm heavier, I've stopped smoking (again)... but my life is still this constant, repetitive pattern. I'm still doing this commute, over and over. And I guess I'm just worried that I'll go to bed tonight and tomorrow I'll be 30, next week I'll be 45, and by the end of the year I'll be dead.
 
What is this feeling?
 
When I was a teenager, I was always looking forward to being an adult. And in many ways it's been great. Having your own place is incredible for your psychological well-being, and I think it's rather tragic that so many Singaporeans are stuck living with their parents for so long. It's also great to earn your own money and to spend it as you like. I live with less internal anxiety than I did then, I think. I was a sloppy mess trying to pretend everything was cool. I'm a lot less of a sloppy mess now, but I have many more responsibilities, and I'm no longer trying to pretend everything is cool.
 
I guess what I'm trying to say without saying outright is... this stuff is hard. Adulting. Growing up. Making progress means being kind to yourself without enabling the shitty sides of you. It means challenging yourself without being hurtful or self-destructive. That's a tough balancing act, and I don't think it's possible for anybody to get it perfect. We inch towards something more equitable through trial and error, by getting burnt, making mistakes. I imagine some people tend to be chronically in one side or the other- kind but also too forgiving, or firm but also too harsh. And some of us have the delightful worst of both worlds- too tolerant of things we shouldn't tolerate, and too harsh on ourselves for almost no reason. (I think there's a theory somewhere that sometimes we just internalize the anger and frustration of our elders- we learn everything first by imitation, so their annoyed voiced become our internal self-taught. )
 
And I find it so weird that people don't talk about it more. Do people only talk about it in private conversations behind closed doors? Is there some taboo against speaking about it out in the open? I suppose it comes across as attention-seeking, or needy.
 
It's funny- to get the best possible help that you might really need, you might have to ask for it in a classy, non-needy, enlightened way. But if you were so enlightened and non-needy in the first place, did you even have a problem? It's like an emotional version of the rich-get-richer problem. It must really suck to be hurting and not even be able to convey that you're hurting in a way that people sympathize with you. I suppose that's at the heart of a lot of ugliness in the world.
 
One of my favorite books was Lost Illusions by Balzac. I read it while I was in NS. It's about this small town poet who's pretty good. He falls in love with the most attractive lady in town,  who I think is married. They elope together to Paris, where he hoped to pursue his craft. There he discovers that she's just average for a Parisian  (just like the NUSwhispers girl supposedly did). He discovers that there are many different groups of people who sell out in different ways. He encounters the allure of prestige and status, gets swept up in it, turns his back on his idealistic friends, gets burnt for it... and yet you root for him most of the time, because you see he's just this naive kid who's trying to pursue his dreams, sorta.
 
Isn't that how it is? We have these naive expectations, sometimes fed to us by people who should've known better (but they were in turn...), and then we get just hammered by reality. And I'm not saying this as a vaguepost about some specific trouble I have - I mean it in the way Louis Ck does when he said that life is incredibly sad, just by us being in it. Life is a joke: our expectations are the setup, and reality is the punchline.
 
Everybody we see is taking a (usually) long and winding walk to their grave. The most we can do is to try enjoy the view, and the company. Right?
 
I posted this on Facebook, as a part of series that I’m doing, and I got a thoughtful response from an older friend who said that the way he measured his years is by the contributions he’s made beyond himself, and the projects he’s worked on. I think that makes a lot of sense. I think I need to clarify what my projects are, throw out whatever isn’t working, and revisit whatever is legit. Adding that to my todo list now.

I think my life can be a little seasonal sometimes. Lots of people around me often talk about productivity as though it’s something that can be managed effectively week on week, and I think there’s some truth to that. But I also have this nagging suspicion that I might operate subconsciously at a “seasonal” level– ie there might be 3 months in a year where I’m much more focused and powerful than the rest of the year. I don’t really have any evidence for this, though, and I’m not interested in doing the elaborate amounts of work I’d have to do to verify this – if I have the energy to do lots of work, I’m going to devote it towards doing, you know, WORK.

I have to confess that I’ve once again, at some point this year, felt a general malaise, ennui, sianness, depression, whatever you want to call it. It doesn’t rattle me the way it did when I was a teenager; I’ve gotten much better at living with it and recognizing it when it happens, and taking steps to diminish it. My recent insight was that I don’t spend enough time actively taking care of myself. I don’t carve out time for me to rest, reflect, relax in a deep sense. Sometimes I get some of this when doing sessions in a float tank, which I don’t do as regularly as I’d like. But it’s not the float itself per se. It’s the fact that for 2 hours nothing and nobody can interrupt me. I think that’s what provides me with the restful effect. If I want to be more effective towards achieving my goals, then I need to also be more sincere with my rest and the care that I devote to myself.

Anyway the point of this is. I find it a little silly that I’ve been writing so many vomits for so long and I haven’t hung them up on a consistent, coherent framework so I can see where exactly I’ve been repeating myself. Because I’ve obviously been running in circles a lot. I think when I set out I was intending to sort it all out at the end. Halfway through it’s become clear that that’s going to be a hell of a struggle, and I can save my future self some trouble by taking some steps to make it easier in the present. That means doing some editing on the blogposts that I’ve written, so they’re easier to read later on.

One of the things that I think is going to be clear is – changing myself is a heck of a hard thing to do. There are many moving parts, and I need to keep track of many different things. And part of the reason why I felt I need to make some sort of change was that I was screwing things up from being bad at keeping track of things in the first place. There’s a very special kind of delightful irony in failing at becoming better because you were predisposed to failing at things in general to begin with. You know what I mean? You suck, you try to get better, but you suck at getting better because you suck, so you don’t get very much better.

But it looks like the only thing to do is to keep doing it. I’ve made some progress on the cooking front. For the longest time I fantasized about someday becoming comfortable with food. Well, I’m now moderately comfortable with cooking chicken breasts or thighs on a pan, or salmon, or minced beef. Those are things I can do. I can feed myself with those things. It feels pretty great. It builds on an earlier insight – that I’m a pattern in space-time that tries to be self-sufficient, and while it didn’t get a lot of guidance in the start, and was generally bumbling around and getting into trouble, I’ve somehow bumbled my way to a reasonably manageable state. I’m here. I’m awake. I’m alive. I’m not broken, I’m not hugely fucked up, I’m breathing, I have money in the bank, I have a job, etc. Some of my mentors would say that that’s a very low bar to set, and I agree – I need to set higher bars for myself. That’s part of the point of this post, and that’s the point of the title of this post – that I need to let go of my past frustrations and greviances to become the person that I’m going to be.

But okay, so this is me, saying thank you to my past self for trying the best he could with what he had, even if it was sloppy, even if it was suboptimal in some ways. So be it. He got me here. That was his job and he did it. It’s my turn now. And I get to start as fresh as I possibly can.

It’s theoretically possible for me to finish my entire word vomit project by the end of the year. That’s 4 word vomits in a day. I have 106 days to write 400 word vomits. I can definitely do it. Why not? Why not finish it and get it out of my system? I could drag it on and do one every other day or every week and so on – which is kind of how I’ve been doing it – and it’ll take me until late 2017, maybe 2018. OR, I could hunker down and just light a fire under my ass and get all of this stuff out, pronto. It might be a bit premature to say this – I don’t want to say that I’ve gotten MOST of the value out of this project already, but I’ve crossed some milestones, and if I’m not racing to the finish line maybe it’s because I haven’t adequately visualized the possible outcomes. If I’m done with this quickly I can clear my headspace and move on to other things. I might have interesting conversations with people about what all of this means, what it’s like to do this, what I’m going to be doing next. And a great part of these vomits is I can figure out the answers to those questions along the way, just by doing this. I can go through old vomits and answer questions by writing them and then I can link from one to the other. Or not. It doesn’t matter. I can do whatever I want to do. I forget that sometimes.
I created a todo list task for myself titled “value my own time”. It stemmed from a conversation I had with an older colleague who pointed out that it didn’t seem like I valued my own time. He was completely right, and I suspect I’ve always known this but it’s a little jarring to hear it from somebody else.

How do you evaluate how well you're valuing your own time? It has to be about whether or not you're achieving your own goals? Maybe. But let’s pause and switch questions, because that seems a little too navel-gazy. What does it mean to value somebody else's time? Let's take the boss. I value his time, so I don't send him stupid shit. I reach out to him only when I have something useful for him. But if I truly, truly valued his time then I would also be much more prepared for our 1-1's. So maybe I don't value his time as much as I'd like to think I do.

It’s troubling to realize that I still live in a very reactive rather than proactive state. My proactiveness kicks in in short little bursts, when really it ought to be systematic.

I read a tweet earlier today that said “not many people realize that the point of GTD is to defer decision-making”. You do a lot of work upfront by putting everything down on paper, but the point of that is to get it out of your head. To think of less things in a given point in time. To decide in advance to think about some things later, so that you can focus on thinking about some things now. I thought that was a very interesting and clever point of view, because every lazy person likes the idea of putting things off. And it’s definitely satisfying to see a map of what’s going to happen next, so long as you do go on to take action and make things happen – otherwise it just sits there mocking you as a reminder of your incompetence. (That’s the point of the weekly reviews and trimming. I’m on to doing my second one this week. How tragic is it that I’ve been doing word vomits for years, writing hundreds of thousands of words, and yet never really stuck to a habit of weekly reviews for my todo lists and other obligations and such? I suppose that stuff just scares me. It reminds me of going to meet a teacher or a parent who’s going to tell me what a fuckup I am, and how I need to be a better person than I am, and things like that. It’s interesting how the subconscious tries to actively avoid these things. Well, I’m going to try and do a weekly review every week. If I can cook, after being afraid of the kitchen, being afraid of fire and so on, then I’m going to be able to do weekly reviews. And then I’m going to teach myself to swim. And then I’m going to run like a boss. And squat 100kg. I’M ALLOWED TO DO IT. I CAN DO WHATEVER THE FUCK I WANT TO DO. I DON’T HAVE TO BE AFRAID. I DON’T HAVE TO COWER. I DON’T HAVE TO AVOID THINGS. I CAN FEEL THE FEAR AND DO IT ANYWAY.

So how do I measure my own progress, then? How do I know that I’ve begun to value my own time? How do you know when you value anything? You take care of it, pay attention to it, handle it with loving care. How do I do that with my time? I carve out time for things that I care about and I make it sacred. This was a thing that I talked about with the boss at my last 1-1 too – not particularly in terms of valuing my own time, but in terms of going after my personal goals by getting to intermediate states as quickly as possible.

For most of the past 4 years I’ve been living in this weird lumpy state where I’ve always got some work on, but I’m never exactly working on it with fury. I’m sawing slowly rather than slicing with acceleration, which makes progress dullingly, frustatingly slow. If anything, it’s dulling the knife (which is my mind, in this metaphor, or just me). I think I may have made some bits of progress in bits and pieces, but overall I don’t think I’ve made a 0 to 1 shift. More like 0 to 0.2, 0.6, 0.3, 0.2, 0.1, etc. I want to break the barrier. What’s the barrier? The barrier is one that I set for myself. When I can leave my work at work, and come home and focus hard on my writing, and on spending time with my wife, and once a week I can spend time entirely on my own, doing nothing work related. That means I need to get a lot more work done at work. One of my problems is that I’m willing to allow work to be on my mind 24/7. I should not do that. That’s not a noble thing. It’s not even an efficient thing or an effective thing. The bottleneck here is my own limiting belief. I know from past vacations that taking those breaks means that I get to come back to work with renewed vigor and attack my problems head on. So if I want to do better I’m going to have to focus. Where do I start?

I think I have to start with my goals. I think I’m going to make finishing this word-vomit project my #1 priority for the remainder of 2016. Behind this will come my work and fitness goals. I need at least an hour a day to write 4 word vomits. That’s not a lot of time. I might be underestimating something somewhere… I can write more when there’s stuff in the back of my mind to write. Well I’ve done a bunch of aggregation and created a bunch of lists of starting points. So let’s just blaze through it and make it happen and see where we end up.
I have a todo item titled “what experience teaches you”. I was reading somewhere about how as you get older, your enthusiasm gets tempered by experience. When you’re younger, you’re eager and excited and haven’t been burnt by failure yet, so you’re willing to start all sorts of new things, jump into new commitments and projects and encounters. It’s easy to ditch one thing for the next new exciting thing.

As you get older, it begins to dawn on you that you’re not going to complete all of the things that you set out to do. Your days are numbered, your accomplishments are going to be finite. So you have to pick and choose. You have to discard a lot of things, including many things that you thought you held dear. A lot of alternate possibilities wither away. This can be a little painful– okay it can be VERY painful, particularly if you happened to have had a lot of expectations and ideals.

I’m re-reading Obama’s Audacity of Hope and he talks about experiencing this himself – you get to a point where you’re not making progress on your goals nearly as fast as you hoped, and you start taking the good stuff for granted, and the painful stuff (in his case, being a community organizer and taking long drives to meet a tiny handful of people, or giving speeches that nobody listens to) starts to weigh on you. And you realize that either you need to recalibrate your expectations like a grown up, or otherwise you’re going to end up as this sort of sad old grumpy and slightly pathetic person. (I wonder if he had anybody specific in mind when he was writing that description. He probably did.)

Experience teaches you about effort shock. Whatever it is you want to do or accomplish, it’s going to be harder than you might think. You’re going to encounter more unpleasant frustrations and difficulties than you had in your rosy eyed view of the world. Growing up is about facing those painful moments and moving foward anyway. Sometimes you may find that there’s no way to move further, and then you’ll have to figure out what you’re going to do. It may be that you have to settle and just be okay with where you are, and then make the most of what you’ve been dealt. (Obama talks about this too.) Otherwise, you may have to take some drastic actions to shake things up. (An “up-or-out” moment was how he framed his Senate run to his Michelle.)

Experience has taught me that I can actually only achieve a very few, limited things each day. I fantasize all the time about some magical day where I get a ton of things done, and I’m sure over the course of these 590+ vomits I’ve described that fantasy several times. It’s a sort of hope that’s not grounded in any sort of evidence or reality. I can’t live with my hope indefinitely – it gets battered by every meeting or review I have with people where I have to say, “No, I’m sorry, I haven’t finished the things that I said I was going to do.” It gets hammered by my own daily life, where everyday is somewhat similar to the days that preceded this.

To change this I’m going to have to do things I’ve never done before – the main thing is going to be doing regular reviews. Tomorrow I’ll be doing my second weekly review in a row, in a document that I have pinned in my web browser that I do look at everyday. The challenge is to do this again and again, over and over, every single week. I also need to have some sort of daily review, which I’m including in that document. I have a bit of experience experimenting with this – for a period of time I had a daily email review with my boss where I’d talk about what I’d accomplished for the day, and that kept me productive. I need to internalize that process completely and have a daily review with myself. I’m now planning to do 400 word vomits in 100 days.

My experience in my life so far has taught me that I never accomplish these goals that I set for myself over 100 day periods. The longest I’ve been able to do something super consistently has been maybe 1-2 months. So this will be new territory for me. And I have learned that entering new territory isn’t just something that’s interesting or cool (though it IS those things), it’s vital to happiness – at least with my current mental model. Revising my mental model altogether is an option, but it’s a costly one and I can always do it later.

Working hard now is the other option, and I ought to try it. Try it again and again until I get it right. I need to change the configuration slightly each time but I’m going to do it. I’m going to do it. I have certainly done several of the things that I set out to do several years ago – it just took longer than I had hoped. A part of this is unexpected difficulty, but I think the main thing is just a lack of focus. As Steve Vai said, the success that you have at anything is a function of the degree that you were able to focus on it. So I need to focus on this.

What else has experience taught me? One great day is hard to come by, and it’s never enough. It may be true what I said in an earlier vomit – that I work in bursts, that my productivity might be seasonal. Those things can be true. But I also do frankly believe that I am more than capable of writing 4,000 words a day. One way to do it would be to get into a random internet argument with someone and then just keep going. Well, I need to learn to treat myself the way I treat random internet strangers – I need to go after myself with something to prove. I want to persuade me of something, and I’m not going to stop until I’m done.

There were a couple of bullet points in my task for this post – one is that life is long and that you can’t make epic proclamations about the future, because everything changes to degrees you do not expect. The other was that crises are inevitable – you can’t predict when exactly they’re going to happen, but they happen sooner or later and you have to be prepared for them.

Preparation is a way of diminishing the amount of work you’ll have to do when the shit hits the fan. And experience has taught me that shit always hits the fan. So be goddamn prepared. It’s the smart lazy thing to do.
I have an old friend that I’ve been talking to for almost a decade now, and I enjoy reflecting on the history of our conversations. When we were younger we talked mostly about video games, about lore, music, technology, futurism. One of our favorite things to do when we were teenagers or NSFs was to sit together over iced drinks and cigarettes and geek out together over the future. It would be a glorious one, we agreed, and we were both lucky and eager to witness it.

We’ve gotten older now, and our backs are bent with the stresses and responsibilities of adult life. We both were a little sloppy with our schooling, we both didn’t particularly love our home environments. We both felt like we never really had a great model of masculinity to follow (more on this in the next vomit). And we both, I think, have a weight on our shoulders from our expectations of how we should be as 26 year old men.

I think I can say that we both feel stretched out, like we weren’t sufficiently prepared for our current challenges, like we need to constantly be digging deeper, pushing harder, making up for lost time, making up for the disengagement of our youth. We have to put in the extra hours to play catch up with peers who seem to be able to get by more easily than we do. (I’ve begun to realize, though, that most people are struggling one way or another; some people are just hiding it. It’s one thing to realize this intellectually, it’s another to actually hear from people telling you outright that they’re facing difficulties, that they aren’t meeting their numbers at work, that they aren’t getting along with their spouse, and so on.)

It’s interesting to pay attention to our conversations with our friends. One thing I’ve always disliked is how friendships can become stale patterns. As an extreme example, imagine a friend from your youth who you enjoyed watching football with. You maybe liked the same teams, or had a rivalry going, and would constantly be discussing the details of those things. You had a lot in common at the time. As the years pass, your paths diverge. You want different things. One of you gets married, one of you stays single. One of you becomes a workaholic, the other takes it easy. You have different values, you have different skeletons in your closet, you have different things that you’re guilty or ashamed about. And you each get really good at hiding those things in your own way, and in polite conversation you never dare or dream of exploring those territories.

And then you go home and (fictional example) you have too many glasses of whiskey and you feel alone as hell. Because you don’t have anybody to talk to about the things that you care about. There was a line in Fountainhead, I think, where a character says, “Isn’t it infuriating, how your friends care about everything about you except the thing that really matters?” What is it that realy matters? What is it about who we are that makes us real? If we were completely free to be whoever we wanted to be, who would we be?

I think I’ve come to believe that… in order to really grow, we need to have uncomfortable conversations with one another. We need to ask probing questions. But these questions have to be with the right spirit, with the right intentions. They have to be genuine. They have to be done with the genuine desire to help the other person grow, and you can’t just force yourself and your own values onto them. You have to help them figure out what their own values are. (And if they aren’t interested, then, well… I guess your friendship can never develop past a certain point.)

Someone else once said something like, your life is a function of the uncomfortable conversations you’re willing to have. Tim Ferriss said that – assuming that you live in the modern world with access to basic human needs and resources and so on, your success in life can probably be determined by the number of uncomfortable conversations you’re willing to have. Most importantly with yourself. And I think an uncomfortable truth that I should prsonally acknowledge is that there are definitely things that I still avoid. Why do I avoid them? I suppose I worry about being judged. I worry about implicating other people, about hurting or offending others that I care about. So maybe some of these things will be things that I have to write in private, and something about me is weirdly averse to that.

But I’ve definitely learned that it’s better to try and write something out for yourself internally than to try and hide it, avoid it, work on it internally, blah blah blah. When there’s an elephant in the room, introduce it – at least to yourself. Don’t live in fear. Don’t hide from life. The result is a small, puny life where you’re holding your breath. Don’t hold your breath. Take a deep breath and dive right in. You’re going to die eventually. C’mon.

The original title of this post was to be “people hide the things that need discussing the most”. I have this habit of starting with “people” when I really mean me. I use other people as a proxy to avoid talking about myself, but really, we see the world as we are. So the question I should be asking myself is, what is the thing that I need to discuss that I’m not discussing?

[1] I would be some sort of roving writer person, commentating on this and that and everything, maybe. And maybe building worlds (I don’t think I’d put THAT much effort into this… I’d probably be happy to borrow the ideas of others) and writing characters (again I’m not sure I’d force this)… what do I want to do as a storyteller? I find myself thinking “I should analyze everything I love”, so maybe I’d spend about a month doing that, but once that’s done I’d start making my own things. It feels like I’m a long way away from making my own things.

Well let’s use a cooking analogy. Before I can cook something that’s my own recipe, I need to try and learn the language. I need to follow at least the basic recipes of others, see what works and what doesn’t, try and fail. And then after that I can start improvising, swapping things out. Everything is a Remix, Visa. Don’t try to be so original. Just start with things you like and change out the bits that you don’t like and then see where that takes you.
I’ve been thinking a lot about manhood and masculinity over the past year or so. I haven’t been obsessive about it; it’s not like I borrowed or bought a bunch of books and tore through them. There’s still some stuff that I’d like to read that I haven’t really gotten around to. But it’s been one of my dominant interests. Why is that?

I think a part of it has to do with growing up, and thinking about what it means to be an adult, period. But I also have grown to think that there certainly is something about being a MAN in particular. It feels a little funny to say that, it’s almost politically incorrect just to say that. The past few years have seen a lot of conversations about the complexity of gender and sexuality – we’ve learnt that it isn’t all that binary, that there are people who don’t tidily fall into one category or another, and so on. And I think those things are valid and true, and I’m happy to see progress on that front. I am a supporter of marriage equality, and I’d like to see 377A repealed in Singapore. Trans people are people, and they should be treated with the same respect as anybody else. We should appreciate how difficult life is for them. So on and so forth.

That said, I think there’s something to be said for traditional gender roles for the majority of people. And again, there needs to be a caveat here – there are lot of ugly and toxic ideas out there, and history is full of them. Women should be free to be whoever they want to be, and they should be treated fairly and equally under the law, at the workplace, everywhere, really. And men shouldn’t feel pressured to conform to an oversimplistic notion of masculinity – hiding their feelings and whatnot. Perhaps here might be an appropriate time to say, “A real man doesn’t really care very much about what it means to be a real man – he just does what he thinks is right, as informed by his values and beliefs, which he questions and evaluates…” you get the idea. Blind adherence to anything is dumb. Pay attention, reorient yourself, learn, blah blah.

ALL of that said (what a monster caveat), I think that there’s something about gender that tends to get ignored or overlooked, at least in the intellectual/writerly/academic/activist type circles. There are definitely differences between genders, in aggregate. We can observe this in nature (but yes, humans have in some senses been unshackled from nature… but in other senses we have not). There are still certain things about our biology that remain true. It’s still true that it takes a woman about 9 months to carry a baby to term, and that a single man can impregnate thousands of women in a lifetime.

Around 8,000 years ago, 17 women reproduced for every 1 man. (This statistic seems weird, but it has to do with survival rates – a few men had most of the children that survived.) Apparently today’s human population is descended from twice as many women as men, and this is described as the single most under-appreciated fact about gender. Throughout the entire history of our species, about 80% of women reproduced but only 40% of men did. Poor children were likelier to die. “Head of the household” was a definite thing.

I don’t know, as I try to trace my thoughts around all of this – it’s just endlessly complicated, and it seems like you could spend your entire life trying to grasp all of it and never quite succeed. But I feel like it’s something that’s worth making sense of, because we all do live in a world of humans, and gender and sexuality is such a big part of who we are.

Anyway – what my experience and instinct has been telling me lately is – old habits die hard. It’s unfashionable right now to say things like, “we’re all products of our biology”, or “we’re shaped by our biology”, even though we surely know that a part of it must be true. Yes, nurture and advertising and whatnot shapes the way we think and feel, as does language. But I think there’s also something quite fundamental about our urges and impulses. I mean, why is infidelity such a rampant thing throughout all of humanity? Why aren’t people able to be monogamous, despite incredible societal pressure and huge disincentives? It’s easy and convenient to say something like, oh, those people didn’t really want it – but why are there so many of them?

I guess as I get older, I find myself wanting to be clearer about the truth about how the world works, because trying to operate with a faulty model of the world is painful and frustrating. You’ll screw yourself over and find yourself in shitty situations because you misread them.

I was having lunch recently and I noticed that the teenagers from the nearby school were all split into groups according to gender. Which is to say that girls hung out with other girls, and boys hung out with other boys, and there were no exceptions. I wonder what that is. Is it simply because we were “socialized” as kids to hang out with kids of other gender? I’m sure some folks have done some research on it.

I HAVE seen some mixed groups of older teenagers before, and in my reading of the situation(s) (and maybe I’m projecting), it usually seems like there are a couple of girls in a boy’s space. There’s this interesting process of experimentation that happens. I don’t know how to describe the specifics, but now that I think about it I think Robert Cormier did a pretty good job with it in The Chocolate War, and Mean Girls did a pretty good job too. There is a gendered element to social groups – women seem to tend to have a group of female friends they call “the girls”, and men similarly tend to have a group of male friends they call “the boys”, and there’s something about all of that… why is it the way it is? Why isn’t it different? "The existence of purple doesn't invalidate the differences between red and blue."

I was also thinking about my own experience as a male student in an all-boys school, and how much I enjoyed that – and I saw something recently that implied that same-sex schools were a bad idea. I’m not sure why but I just impulsively felt that that was wrong. That there’s something that boys can learn only from men, and that thing, whatever it is, is important and good, and I think we have a deficit of that in the modern world, which is why I’ve had friends ask me questions like “why are fathers so lacking?"

It’s all one big mess, and this doesn’t even begin to properly outline what I think about it. This is all one big preamble. But I’d like to have some clear thoughts about it. So I’ll probably be developing this over time.
As at 26 year old, it’s interesting to look back on my relationships with other people when I was younger, and to think about what friendship meant then, and what it means now, and how my concept of it has changed over the years. It’s also interesting to juxtapose that against what I see and witness around me. I was reading something on Meaningness about a phenomenon where young people get into little cliques or groups that become very important to their identity. And I definitely experienced that, even though I was never very good at it. I don’t remember very much about my earliest friendships– a lot of it is memory which might have been modified over years of reimagining and recreation. I don’t remember very much about the friends I must’ve had in kindergarten, but I must have had some. I vaguely recall another indian boy named Dayalan, but I have no idea where he is now or what he’s up to. I wonder if he remembers me, or thinks of me. I remember there was a chinese boy too, I can’t remember his name, but I went to his house once. I borrowed pencils from somebody. I can’t remember.

And then we went to primary school, and I have a few memories of the kids I mingled with then. I vaguely remember an adventure we had to the back of the school garden. I remember going for touch typing lessons in the school’s computer club. I remember rolling coins across a passageway during recess, I remember running to the canteen to play Galaga on the computers that were there. I remember being terrified of getting into trouble after losing a workbook. I remember playing on the monkey bars after school. I remember my older buddy (I was 7, he was 9) showing me how to slide down a railing, which I thought was cool. I remember getting mistakenly scolded by a teacher for someone else’s shoddy work. I remember being scolded as a group for being too noisy, and standing in the sun far too long one day because our teacher hadn’t showed up after recess or something like that. I remember there were two bells at the end of recess – the first was a signal to stop where you were, and the second was to head to the assembly area. And some of us had great fun “stopping” in weird freeze frames. I remember going to a friend’s house to play computer games – that’s where I discovered Metal Slug and Red Alert. I remember making a new group of friends later on when we changed school again. I had a friend I’d meet once a year or so and we’d go to play video games together at the arcade at Tampines. And once I went to his house and we played Smackdown for a while. All these memories now seem so elusive. I remember playing Diablo 2 at a couple of friends’ houses. I actually took a Barbarian all the way to completion at one friend’s house. I wonder why we did that. I wonder why he encouraged me to do that. And his parents seemed to be quite okay with it. I try to put myself in the parents’ shoes now… I guess it’s nice for them to see a child having a social life of sorts. I invited friends to my place too to play video games – usually metal slug. Sometimes we’d watch TV. There is something nice, isn’t there, about kids exploring? Learning about themselves through the eyes of others.

And what’s amazing I think is realizing that all of us have different contexts, different realities. Of course, just by being in the same country, same city, we’re going to have a lot of things in common. Shared contexts. But there are also things that are very different. And looking back, it was so interesting to visit the homes of others. Actually, visiting another person’s home is always an interesting, trippy experience. To realize that the common spaces you inhabit aren’t all of what make that person who they are. Everybody has their own unique identity, personality, configuration, and they’re born into different circumstances, inhabit different spaces, experience different feedback loops, and effectively become very different beings, different patterns in spacetime that dance around one another. Sometimes we collide into one another in ways that could be described as damaging – we experience pain and anger and frustration and suffering – but all of that, in some sense, when you zoom out – can often be seen as a way of us becoming ourselves, of our patterns getting more interesting, more self-aware, and so on.

The cue I used to start this vomit was “losing friends”, and I think I wanted to reflect about the people who are no longer in my life, or who have closed themselves off to me because of my failures, weaknesses, incompetence, ignorance, ugliness. Or sometimes it’s just circumstances; sometimes the winds and tides bring ships to different seas and that’s just the way we go. Nobody has the right to demand that others remain around them – everybody should go wherever is right for them, according to what they think and feel is best. And of course there’s a process there, and people make mistakes and so on… but the point is … it’s all okay, as long as we’re learning and growing and becoming. I do have many fond memories that I am grateful for – perhaps I’m not grateful enough. Maybe I’m not yet old enough to spend too much time reflecting and reminiscing. But I’ve had some good times.

Far more interesting, I think, is to think about all the friends I haven’t met yet. I’m hopefully only a third or quarter into my life (or a fifth!), and so there are probably hundreds of interesting people I don’t even know of yet, maybe people who aren’t even born yet, people who will become important and significant to me, who will have a lot to teach me, who will make me laugh and cry, will challenge me, support me, build me up, break me down, so on and so forth. And all of that is part of the grand adventure, and I need to open up so that I can welcome them into my life. I need to pay attention, look out far and wide, send out signals, messages in bottles so that my many-faced soulmates can find me and come to me. And we can have a nice evening togeher before our souls are extinguished in the inevitable long night of the universe. And it would’ve been a good time. That was all that ever mattered.
Thought I’d write about my thoughts about religion, and how my perspective on it has changed from my childhood to the present day.

I was raised in a Hindu household. We didn’t eat any beef. We went to the temples on special occasions. My mum had an altar with a pantheon of gods, and she’d pray to them, well, religiously. We also had other odd superstitions – we didn’t eat watermelons (my dad ‘gave it up’ for some prayer thing), didn’t wear black (our ‘local god’ didn’t like it).

From a young age I was very aware of the range of religions that existed, and how different people practiced them differently. Being in Singapore, I was surrounded by Chinese temples, Mosques. There was a church across the road from my house, and I went to an Anglican Kindergarten and Primary school. I remember being amused that there were many different kinds of Christianity. I also had a curiosity for ancient Greek and Roman gods, and all sorts of other creation myths and mythology in general. I had an Egypt fascination at some point, and thought it was interesting that they had their own Gods too – Anubis, Horus, Ra, Osiris and so on. I thought it was interesting how there were parallels – there’s always some sort of Sun god, there’s always some Death-related god. It seemed clear to me from the beginning that everybody just picked and chose (or inherited) different imaginary friends, different holy toys to play with. I could never shake the fact that it seemed like the holy men in Temples were playing dress up with dolls, particularly with the hindu ceremony where they bathe the idol and then dress it up, show it a mirror, etc. Definitely seemed Barbie-ish. (As you might imagine, I really loved Sanjay’s Super Team when I got to see it.)

I did vaguely appreciate the ritualistic elements – I found them lengthy and boring, but also somewhat interesting. The fire and smoke and walking in circles. None of it made sense in a scientific way (I was at the time curious about space, and electricity, and magnets, and cells, and earthquakes and so on – and everything in the world generally seemed to have natural explanations – so God didn’t seem all that compelling to me. It was obviously just fairy tales like everything else. God was obviously another Santa Claus.)

But I still put myself down as Hindu on the forms, if there were any forms. I did always get tickled by the idea of “Freethinker” as an option instead of Atheist – didn’t it imply that all the others weren’t free? Still giggle about it a little.

Sometime in JC I think I would discover Richard Dawkins’ The God Delusion, and I found it quite absorbing. Before that I might’ve encountered some atheistic arguments in KI (Knowledge and Inquiry), and I found the arguments pretty compelling. They provided a framework for what I was already more or less convinced of. I found Dawkins’ book compelling, though at the time I hadn’t yet encountered the online communities that made a huge deal about it. I was 11 years old when September 11 happened, and it did seem true to me that religious conflicts were part of the problem in the world – part of why the Middle East was such a mess, part of why terrorism happened. I didn’t know the details, but religious conflicts did seem like… people getting into arguments over their imaginary friends, like people arguing on Tumblr about which TV show is better, only when people disagreed, they got violent and killed one another.

I found the idea of a Godless universe quite compelling, and even reassuring. (This was before I learned about the Heat Death, which would throw me into a second round of existential despair from which I still haven’t fully recovered.)

Over time I found myself feeling rather smug and superior to people who were religious. I don’t think I was super deliberate about it, but I did mock and belittle others for their religious beliefs. I suppose I was insecure and eager to prove myself as superior in some way. Over time I began to see that I was annoying or hurting people that I cared about, which was an outcome I did not like.

I began to discover after a while that many of the most strident atheists (who tend to be overrepresented in religious discussions) were thos who were abused or maligned by their religious upbringings, by their families, by the Church, by institutions. Especially so for LGBT folks in conservative towns, and so on. This didn’t accurately represent my experience. I didn’t have any big chip on my shoulder – I was just a smug teenager who felt like he was smarter than others, but I didn’t have any deep resentment towards religion. It never forced me to develop a guilt complex (I developed that one entirely by myself, ha ha). So I don’t hate God, I just never really cared for him and assume that the feeling’s mutual.

Around my NS years I played in a band with Caleb, a friend who identified as Christian (a fan of Christ, but not so much of the fanclub). He wrote a great essay called Death Of A Halo, which was a gread read. The band never turned out to be anything amazing, but I did greatly enjoy the long conversations we would have on cross-island train ride from Bedok to.. Clementi? Boon Lay? I can’t remember where we got off, but it was Very Far Away. Caleb was the first guy I remember thinking, “wow, this guy is thoughtful, measured, reasonable, recognizes that there are faults and flaws… etc”. I felt like we had more in common despite having superficially different labels, and I enjoyed exploring that mutual space. I remember a conversation or two over beer about what it meant to be a good person, to do the right thing, and those were things I really appreciate. Surely, if everyone else could have the conversations we did, we’d all be kinder to one another? I still hope.

As time went by, I got really tired of my own superiority complex, of trying to trap ‘ignorant’ religious folks into ‘gotcha’ arguments. It became very predictable, which was boring.

Atheist is a loaded word. Choosing to pin that label to your lapel is like lying down in a chalk outline that someone else drew on the ground. I’m not interested in that. I’m kind of jealous of people for whom religion plays a therapeutic role in life. Like Richard Feynman, I find religion too provincial, too small, too local, too human. The universe is too big and there is too much suffering on this rock for there to be a benevolent daddy in the sky who’s looking out for us. I find myself thinking of a couple of responses other people have had – “How dare you”, one man said (Hitchens?) he would say if he met god. “What’s up with aggressive childhood luekemia? What’s up with malaria? Why?” And I believe there’s a quote somewhere – maybe apocryphal – about how there’s something scratched into the walls of a chamber in Auschwitz- “If there is a God, he will have to beg my forgiveness”. And for the most part I think religion might be harmless, or even beneficial, but when it stifles human inquiry that’s a damn shame.

But I don’t believe we should have to suppress religion any more than we should have to suppress fairy tales. We don’t need to turn it into an us-vs-them thing. I get very tired of the “religious wars have destroyed more…” “oh, but Stalin and Hitler were atheists…” exchanges. They really never achieve anything– it’s a losing battle for everyone involved, because we pick sides and then naturally begin to despise the Other. The common thread in all human suffering, all disfiguring of humanity, is humanity itself. I think Victor Frankl wrote that people are either decent or indecent, and I think that’s almost independent of whether or not you believe in something mystical. You can be a good or bad person either way. We want more goodness in the world, and less badness, and we don’t have to frame those things in religious terms.

I now see religion as a manifestation of human desires. There are a few instances that come to mind. One was the death of a friend – his wake was held at his family’s church, and his loved ones sobbed as they sang hymns at his coffin. Religion provided some comfort to them then, I would never take it away from them. On happier notes, I’ve experienced the joy of church weddings for a couple of other friends. There was this delightful symbolic gesture at one, where each family had a candle, and they together lit a third candle which was the couple’s. And everyone sang, gathered together in a lovely chapel on a saturday morning.

I suppose the takeaway there is that human togetherness is a wonderful thing. There are many ways to celebrate it. Here I find myself thinking about how BMT passing out parades have become more dramatic, taking place at the floating platform at the Esplanade – letting conscripts see the nation that they’re defending With Their Lives. Some may say there’s something problematic about that, making the State the new Church, but eh. We have so many things like that, at all scales. We have friendship rituals, nicknames for one another, drinks, sports, live music concerts, festivals. It’s part of what it means to be a human, and even if religion were somehow completely eradicated in the conventional sense, we would find all sorts of new ways to manifest our fervor. I do think there’s a wisdom in the primitive tribal drum circles, the chanting, the dancing. It’s how we grasp at some sort of transcendence, and if we want to call that God, then yeah, I’m religious too. I believe that there’s something ‘magical' that happens when people come together in service of something greater than themselves. It can almost definitely be explained scientifically – it’s something that happens in our bodies, in our minds, a certain synchronicity, like a flock of birds, like a swarm, a superorganism.

Life IS a glorious miracle despite all of the pain and suffering, God or no God. There’s a real splendor in great music, great architecture, even in the modern banks and shopping malls and the digital realm. I see “God” in all of that, I just don’t think that anybody has a monopoly on the origin story, that there’s any one way to tell it.

Alan Watts has some great perspectives on this that I enjoy – that basically all of the universe is really just one great thing, and we’re all IT, manifestations of it, the divine.

Sometimes I like to fantasize about what the future of religion might be like, once our grandchildren (or theirs) have all mostly grown up with a sense of the multiplicity of possible Gods, and are able to appreciate it all at a meta-textual level – that is, to enjoy the teachings without feeling compelled to become zealots. I imagine cathedrals of compassion, of contemplation, a testament to connection, to death, to the triumph of the best of humanity, the human spirit. I think humor will have to be at the heart of it – what use is a serious God without a sense of humor? What use is life without laughter? The more I see the less I know, but what has definitely become clearer over the years is that one must imagine Sisyphus LOL-ing. If we aren’t laughing, we’re missing out.

These days, I prefer to not even describe myself as an atheist. That states the case a little too strongly. The truth is I don’t know. I’m agnostic. If someone asks me, “what’s your religion,” I’d say, “I don’t know, should I have one?” Because the conversation we could have then is inevitably so much more interesting than if I had said something they had a stock response for.

PS: I'm reminded now of the experience I had seeing the Mathurai Meenakshi temple in India – super-massive, huge throngs of people, just a phenomenal structure. It's like seeing the full scale of an ant-hill after only ever seeing a few ants here and there. It made me realize that religion is a POWERFUL force for people, or of people, that moves people in a very literal way. I still haven't fully figured out how I feel about all of that, but it was definitely something special to witness. I don't have any answers, any wisecracks, nothing.
Violence is a fundamental part of nature, red in tooth and claw. Earlier today I saw a cute little housecat that was probably lost, and I saw it chasing, attacking and toying with a cockroach. It obviously had no concern for the cockroach’s well being (why would it?). It didn’t want to eat it. It just wanted to play with it, and in the process mutilate it.

I wonder how the decisively non-violent sorts reconcile that. Have they witnessed nature? Most of what we see on TV – on national geographic and so on – are the palatable bits that TV executives and editors thought was okay to show families at the dinner table.

The reality of it is often much more grotesque and macabre – predators isolate and murder babies. Even a video of a praying mantis eating a fly can be pretty disturbing. Or any of the creepy parasite type creatures that infest one another’s bodies and brains and then manipulate them as zombies to do their bidding. Creatures don’t bother to kill one another to ‘end the suffering’ – sometimes they just start eating one another in the open. I think I saw a video of some hyena or some other species just literally eating a live zebra that was still standing, until it collapsed from the blood loss. Nature is fucking brutal. If anything, human civilization has taken that sort of sudden brutality and spread it out over entire lifetimes – instead of something short and brutish, we have something long and bureaucratic. I think Nassim Taleb does a pretty good job of pointing out why this isn’t always a good thing.

The history of humanity is in many ways the history of violence and warfare. The application of force. I think it was Nietzsche who said that every living thing wants to discharge its strength. I’m not sure if I was ever taught to do that. Discharge my strength. I think that’s what most men [1] want to do, but never really get to. That’s why men get form gangs, start bands, do all sorts of things like that. It’s true that there’s a socialization aspect, but how is it that it’s so common in so many different contexts all around the world? It seems very likely to me that the socialization aspects are built on top of pre-existing patterns of behavior, pre-existing inclinations.

School isn’t very good for that. In fact, the school life that I experienced was kinda directly contrary to that impulse. You’re in a class with other people, and maybe you have some after-school activities like band or sports or whatever – and if you’re really lucky, you have a good coach or mentor, you might make something of yourself there. I’m really envious of people who did, because I never really got into anything like that. I got into a group of geeks in an IT club and tinkered around with some stuff. If I could do things over, I would’ve picked something with more of a strength-discharge function. A team sport, probably. Or even concert band – I was envious of how my friends who were a part of that all developed themselves, practiced, got good, and eventually performed at Carnegie Hall. What an amazing formative experience for a young man to have. [2]

The tragedy of school, to me, is that those things tend to happen on the side, by chance, when it should probably be the main deal. We should all learn from a young age what it’s like to work hard as part of a team towards a stretch goal that we’re inspired by. Why do we have to do this after school hours? Why not have it be the main thing? Instead, you’re expected to be compliant. Sit in your chair, listen, obey. Get put through standardized tests and so on. How do you learn to express yourself that way?

Every act of creation is simultaneously an act of violence, if only on prior beleifs and expectations, or some way of seeing or thinking. Jazz was violent. In this sense, Gandhi’s non-violent protests were violent – they were non-violent in a physical sense, but highly violent in an ideological sense. (Ideas are bulletproof, etc).

A man has to learn to carve out a space for himself in the world, even if it’s only in his own mind. He has to formulate his own beliefs, decide on his own values and principles. He has to decide what is acceptable and what is not. He has to set goals for himself. He has to have ideals that he strives towards. He has to have a discipline that he works on. Without these things, life become cold, dark and bleak. If we’re not growing, we’re dying – maybe not in a literal physical sense, but in a metaphorical sort of sense. (Somebody pointed out recently to me that “death” as part of cycles doesn’t necessarily need to be physical death; it can be a sort of ego death, a reimagining, a reinvigoration of the spirit, a new way of thinking, a new way of seeing yourself, defining yourself. Die and be reborn over and over! We really ought to have better rituals for these things, and i think ‘primitive'tribesfolk almost definitely understood it better than we do. There’s a lot of stuff we’ve shoved under the carpet, and the result is people living in all sorts of chronic-twisted ways.)

We live in strange times, in a reality often defined by abundance and surplus (in the internet-connected first-world). This is especially true in Singapore, where even things like homelessness or school shootings are non-issues. I don’t need to hunt for my own food. I could hypothetically work a minumum wage job, join the military… now I’m curious about what happens to orphans with no family, no grandparents, no parents, uncles, aunts. They’re completely reliant on the State. In some countries, they might get adopted by gangs, kidnapped by human traffickers, sold into slavery, then what? What is the path or trajectory of actual black slaves in America, their children, how did they feed themselves? How did the native tribes do it?

Anyway the point is – you have to do something. Basic human needs – air water food shelter – well, there are millions of homeless people in the world, and there are lots of people without access to clean water – what happens to them? They suffer and die, that’s what. How does one escape homelessness? How do the children of refugees survive and thrive? My grandfather came to Singapore from India without much money. Then what did he do? He rented a flat and worked as a gardener. I knew someone who rented a room for under $500 while working… but the jobs she worked relied on her education. What about the orphans? Or people with mental disabilities, or other serious handicaps? There are all these movements and attempts to hire such folks. We should be proud of these things. That said, what happens if say, war hits? If there’s an alien invasion? Bombings? It’s good to know that Singapore can probably defend itself, but it is worrying when you think about the worst case scenario. Most people seem blissfully unaffected… which I suppose is entirely ratioanl.

Anyway the point is – we live in very safe, orderly times, especially in Singapore where everything is efficient and runs like clockwork. That’s actually not how most of the world works, and it’s easy to forget that until we go overseas.

And it’s true that Singaporeans mostly don’t appreciate that (just as Americans probably don’t appreciate the freedom they have to mock and insult their presidential candidates, or how grotesque it is to the rest of the world that they regularly have school shootings and and police routinely seem to murder black citizens).

Violence. Nature is violent. Men are violent. We are drawn to power even when we try to pretend that it isn’t the case. We are fascinated by serial killers & mass murderers and drug traffickers. There’s a part of us that roots for chaos to shake up bureaucracy, which is why The Joker is such a popular villain.

When does a boy become a man in the modern world?

A real initiation is necessarily dangerous. So a highly sanitized holiday camp doesn’t quite make a difference. We have a nation of mummy’s boys who have never tasted real hardship or difficulty. I believe LKY said something once along the lines of – “If Singapore is a nanny-state, I am proud to have fostered one”. I wonder if he would’ve said the same thing about the prevalence of emasculated Singaporean men. That said, it seems to be that men around the world in cities are just emasculated in general.

I have a friend who often jokes that he wishes for war, calamity or disaster to visit Singapore. It’s a terrible thing to wish on anyone, but I do see where he’s coming from. After 9/11, New Yorkers came together and healed more than just that which they lost. They were bonded together as a community, grieved together, were gracious and thoughtful towards one another. Suicide rates went DOWN. People had far less trauma than expected, because everyone was everyone’s therapist. It may be that real leadership only emerges when there’s conflict and danger. The American Civil War for Lincoln, WW2 for Churchill and FDR, Cuban Missile Crisis for JFK, the Japanese Occupation for LKY, so on and so forth. Tough times inspire tough people. We’re not good at dealing with prolonged peace and prosperity. We get fat and find superficial trivial crap to get angry or upset about.

I do not wish for war or suffering for my peers. It’s invariably the weak and poor and innocent who suffer the most. But I do wish for strength, for fortitude, for grace, for wisdom, for kindness. How do I acquire those things in this messy, noisy culture of ours? In peacetime, excess, unhappy indulgence, always online, always disconnected. Aurelius had his own version of the answer, I think. It involved reflection, meditation, review, all things I don’t do enough of. Why? I’ve been alive long enough to realize constant improvisation is not the answer.

And that’s a funny thought – it brings me back to the way I used to play video games. I used to never be able to go anywhere, because I would simply improvise and click around and shoot things (I’m thinking of GTA) or simply build like crazy (SimCity) and in both cases I would end up doing something that broke things, something unsustainable. And in order to move forward I had to ‘lower the temperature’ and operate at a more stable, 'slow-cooking' ‘vibration’.

So what does this tell me about what I should do to move forward in my current situation? I’m improvising too much. It’s too many soft sketchy lines, which makes me run out of raw material. I need to operate in a much more ‘lean’ fashion. That means less multi-tasking, less experimentation, more “one thing and ONLY ONE THING at a time”. I need to get the extra energy that each successful task provides, because without it I quickly run out of energy and die. This is really useful to me.

[1] I don’t know if it’s the same for women, but I think there’s definitely a gendered aspect to this that’s accurate most of the time for most people. Men are more risk-taking – apparently young men die in accidents at 6x the rate that young women do, in their attempts to do crazy things at crazy heights, at crazy speeds and so on.

[2] As for me, I didn’t really do anything at all. Just bumbled around, I guess observing all of this. In a way all of this writing is a way of me developing myself, discharging my strength, working towards my own personal 400m gold medal, my own Carnegie Hall.
So we're now 60% through with this word vomits project. A lot has changed. All I knew in the beginning was that I wanted to be a writer, and that completing 1,000,000 words would make me feel more legitimate as a writer. And hopefully, ideally, it would itself make me a legitimate writer somehow. I knew that the goal was too vague, but the hope, or the plan, was that I would figure it out along the way. Well, we're along the way. We're more than halfway along the way. It's time to start figuring out with much more precision than when I started.

I've been reading some horror stories online about how there are published writers who have gotten great reviews for their books, and yet they're broke. A part of this is because of bad deals with book publishers, who only really give great deals to proven rockstar authors. That's just the name of the game. Another part of this is, more simply, that they don't have enough fans, enough followers, enough supporters, enough readers, enough people who're willing to say yes I'll pay $20, $30, $50 for something that you write. A thousand readers who'll pay $10 each is $10,000. Probably about 1% of readers will pay, so vaguely I think we're working with numbers like 1,000,000 readers -&gt; 10,000 customers -&gt; $100,000.

I find myself thinking about how my boss once talked to me about the process of recursive calibration and optimization that needs to happen. You might start with "build a billion dollar tech company", and then have to break that down into "make product" and "acquire customers", and then break those down further into progressively more nuanced and complex bits.

There's a similar thing with a writer's career, I think. Which is to produce work, and acquire paying readers or patrons. Write the damn things, and make the damn money. But those things are of course more complex than that, so we can break it down further.

Body of work + pool of readers -&gt; monetization. Each of those things is infinitely more complex as well. Well, let's dig into them.

Body of work.

I have many different things that I'd like to write about. I don't have infinite time to write about everything that I'd like to write about, so I'll need to prioritize. To prioritize what to write about I'll need to have a framework of prioritization. First I'll need to have a list of all or most of the things I want to write about. I think the state of this is pretty well covered. Next I'll need to know what to write first. There are a few heuristics I can use for this.

One is the path of most interesting, which is the most fun and engaging thing to do as a writer. This fun aspect is important, because if I'm not having fun I'm not going to be able to keep going. But there are more variables to consider. Another is, what will people want to read? (This already overlaps with the READERS segment, and we haven't even gotten around to talking about it yet). I could write about something utterly obscure and unique to my life, like say, how I feel about some piece of furniture in my house, or I could write about the challenges I've faced in putting together a home as a Singaporean at a young age. Of course, I can do both in the same article – the point there is that every piece of work needs to have an audience in mind, and needs to be pushed out to that audience.

Pool of readers.

So far I've been writing word vomits primarily for myself. I intentionally cloistered myself away from the public domain. I chose to force myself to write 1,000 words in a rambly, unedited format so that I'll be a turn-off to most readers. There was a time where I'd just comment on political issues and it would get me lots of hits. And maybe there may be some sense in going back to doing a bit of that, just doing it in a more intelligent way that doesn't offend my own sensibilities. As long as I'm writing something that I think ought to be written, I think that'll be alright.

I used to be moderately big on Quora, I had millions of views on my answers over there. It might make sense to point some links from there to my blog. Actually why haven't I done this already? I'm going to do this right after I'm doing with this vomit.

I have also had some moderate success here and there from writing on reddit, and there are many different subreddits I could approach. In fact, it would be possible to work backwards for writing projects from the subreddits that I would want them to be successful in. I've been trying to gain weight all my life, I've made some progress, it might make sense to package all of that in a smart way for folks on /r/gainit. I'm willing to start pretty much anywhere for this, so.

Monetization.

I'm not too obsessed with making money from my writing ASAP. I wonder if that's true, or if I'm saying that as some sort of defensive mechanism to avoid taking this whole pursuit seriously. I should get to an intermediary state ASAP instead of overthinking this. And the simplest intermediary state I can think of is – charge a very nominal amount of money for an ebook. Less than $10. Maybe $5. (This also makes me realize something about monetization – the people I think i'd most like to write for also probably are the least likely to pay me. It might make sense to write something about my experience as a marketer and start selling that first, just to get into the practice of selling words for money. I could do an ebook about the 7 sins that I used to obsess about, or about my thoughts on MBTI. Those are things that have ready audiences that people care about and will be willing to pay for. Those things don't seem super exciting to do in of themselves, but they seem quite interesting once I frame it in terms of making my first few dollars as a self-published author. I don't know if I want to be self-published all the way, but it makes sense to start and get to that as soon as possible.

I was chatting with my wife when she asked, “So what do you get stressed about?"

It’s a great question and it’s something I think I should reflect very hard on.

Of the top of my head, here are things that I get stressed about:

Failing to meet work obligations – shipping blogposts late, not meeting my targets and so on. I feel like I failed as an adult, and as a team member – this part especially hurts because I feel like in my present configuration in life, I should be more grateful for the opportunity I have.
Failing to meet National Service obligations – first because of the penalties and inconvenience, and second because of what that says to me about me as a person.
Screwing up social obligations – being late for something, not doing a thing that I promised that I would do, having someone wait on me for something.
Failing to meet “self” obligations – when I’ve gone too long without writing, without reading, without publishing, shipping, without working out.

In all of these cases, basically I get stressed when I owe people things (including myself), and when I haven’t delivered. I suppose I get stressed because I begin to suspect that I’m not all that great, that I’m weak and flawed and incapable, that I’m lousy, pathetic, incompetent, it gets worse as it goes on.

That’s probably a little melodramatic, and the drama is probably counter-productive to solving the problem. As I think about it now, it’s clear that some of the stress is inherited learned behavior – from being yelled at by teachers and parents for being a fuckup at school. For a period of time I thought that stuff didn’t faze me, but over the years I’ve learned that they have. I still occasionally have a bad dream that’s school related – that I didn’t do my homework or something like that – screwed up an exam, whatever. So that’s some shit that I have to deal with. It’s some sort of mild PTSD, maybe.

I think – even after all my ranting and anger and whatnot, I still haven’t fully gotten over my childhood. I mean, I’m blessed and lucky to be born in Singapore – there are kids in Syria etc right now who’ve seen their family and friends literally shredded to pieces by bombs and they’ll have to live with that until they die. So my problems ain’t all that bad. But they’re mine, and I have to live with them, face them, address them, transcend them if I want to do more, do better.

What will getting over mean, what will it look like? How must I accept it? I think I’ve never fully accepted it. I think I’m still angry, still frustrated, still upset somewhere deep down. I’ve had moments of acceptance – they were great, but they were fleeting. I need to dig deeper, be real with myself, and well and truly let that shit go. That doesn’t mean forgetting about it; I wouldn’t be able to even if I wanted to. But it means deeply forgiving, loving, accepting in some way that I still haven’t quite cracked.

Then what?

Then it’s about unlearning the impulses that I have developed and accumulated and inherited. I instinctively know that unlearning these will require meditation, thoughtfulness, attentiveness – things that I have experimented with a little here and there, but I’m going to have to dive deeper. I’m going to have to make it a serious priority and treat it with some respect and reverence. First I have to believe that it’s possible – and I do. Next I have to be whole-hearted about making it happen.

I do think it’s good that I care about meeting my obligations. A man should fulfill his obligations. But it doesn’t make sense to get stressed and angry at upset with oneself at failing. One should calmly acknowledge what has happened, and gently rise to correct the situation. To make amends. The anger achieve nothing. The shame achieves nothing. They’re just feelings, they’re just background noise. Thunder and fury inherited from people who didn’t know better, from a tradition that didn’t know better.

I think part of the pattern – part of the ‘game’ – is this sort of self-validation circle. “Look, I’m angry and upset and ashamed, this is evidence that I care!” – but if you really cared, Visa, you’d have taken more steps towards fixing the situation. Perhaps you have taken as many as you possibly could’ve. So be it. Either way, it remains true that any energy expended being angry, stressed, upset or ashamed is energy that is NOT spent addressing the issues.

It’s obvious that we’re not going to be able to change ourselves completely overnight just by deciding that we’ve changed – old habits die hard and return and are persistent. But we can try and strike a deal – let’s try to not to sweat the small stuff (and it’s all small stuff) for the remainder of the year. If I’ve failed or made a mistake,

I know better. I will do better.

What’s curious is – it seems like the guilt and shame and whatnot aren’t just a sort of unwanted, unintended, negative consequence – they seem to be the currency that’s in play. I mean – subconsciously, below the layers that I’m normally able to address, it seems like I’m using the guilt and shame as a way of proving to myself that I care. I care, therefore I feel stressed when things go bad. The stress is PROOF that I care! You can’t accuse me of not caring enough, I wouldn’t be stressed otherwise!

But that’s silly. That’s pointless self-flagellation that achieves nothing. That’s unnecessary heat, sound, fury. If something goes wrong, I should fix it. Any energy spent in anger or frustration is energy that’s NOT spent fixing the problem. So clearly there’s this sort of dysfunctional system going on here. If I want to continue to grow as a person, I’m going to have to untangle this mess and rearrange it in a way that makes sense.

So let’s try this, subconscious. For the remainder of the year, let’s not get stressed about anything. If we mess something up, if we fail at it, so be it. Let’s smile. Let’s not sweat the small stuff, and let’s recognize that it’s all small stuff. I’m going to die, everyone I love is going to die, the universe itself is going to die. Everything is just this grand cosmic game, and the stress and fear and anxiety is a way of holding on. It’s a form of attachment.

Breathe out. Let go.

PS: Looking above – yes, there are serious consequences to me screwing up on #2 – I would have to face severe penalties and so on. But the point isn't to take action so that it doesn't happen! I'm going to bed now, tomorrow I'm going to wake up early and I'm going to run. There's nothing to be stressed about if I take action accordingly, in advance.
I had a long, difficult and illuminating conversation with the wife today when we went for a walk and talked about our future – what it would be like to have children, what sacrifices or tradeoffs or changes we would have to make, and it became very clear very fast that we would both have to grow a lot as individuals before we can begin to enact the life that we want. And yeah, I know that to some degree life never goes according to plan, but that isn’t an excuse for playing your hand poorly. You need to play your hand as well as you possibly can, with the cards that you’re dealt, and try to systematically improve your lot as much as you can (the poker analogy breaks down a little – but that’s because life is more complex than poker, duh).

Anyway. So I started writing this because I wanted to remind myself of something moving forward. The clear thing is that I need to work a lot harder and a lot smarter. I need to be clearer about what my priorities are and I need to work towards achieving future states that I haven’t even begun to consider yet. I keep holding on to this fantasy of “being a writer”, but what does that really mean in concrete terms? Am I going to be able to make a living with it? What’s the path to that look like? I wrote a couple of vomits about it, but what are the concrete next steps that I need to be taking, and why haven’t I already taken them?

The answer is pretty straightforward – I’m nervous, scared, and I keep telling myself that I have time to figure it out.

That may have been true at some point in the past, but I don’t think it’s true anymore. I’ve been coincidentally reading Joseph Campbell at the moment and I’ve been planting ideas in my head about thresholds and trials – I have to say goodbye to Visa-26 and make way for Visa-27, who needs to be 10x better along several metrics that matter. Visa-27 needs to spend much less time on frivolous bullshit that doesn’t have a direct impact on his goals. Visa-27 needs to redefine his goals in more concrete, measurable terms so that he can measure the progress that he’s making. These include more painful goals like financial goals and writing career goals, with clear markers, and this means giving up on a lot of bullshit that I’ve allowed into my life. It means spending much less time on Reddit and Facebook. It means I need to measure my daily effectiveness much more closely. It means I need to take many more breaks in a day in order to reevaluate how I’m doing. It means I need to give myself more pep talks, realign myself, visualize my peak state more viscerally and embody it like a fucking boss. I need to do all of that. I am capable of doing all of that. I believe it. It’s time for me to grow up completely, to tear away all of the shackles and all of the bullshit that’s been holding me back. I’m in control here. I’m not going to let anything or anybody get me down or control me, and especially not the bullshit saboteur-bum in my head that’s been annoying me all my life. We’re done with that boyhood bullshit, it’s time to be a man.

I don’t have a lot of time. I’m already running a deficit. That doesn’t mean I’m going to panic and be a moron about it. I need to be responsible. I need to take care of myself. It’s a marathon, not a sprint, so I need to take strategic breaks to regroup and re-center. I need to reach out to older, stronger men for advice and counsel. I need to make it clear to myself and have it reflected outwards that I’m playing a new game now. I’m being a new person.

I’m not going to compare myself with other people. It doesn’t matter that I’m a little younger, it doesn’t matter that I married young, it doesn’t matter that I could theoretically fuck around for another year or three. I’m done with all of that. I don’t want to have stupid conversations anymore. I don’t want to waffle around like a little boy anymore. I am the one who fires the Patronus – I am the hero I have been waiting for. This moment is the moment that my past self was hoping to eventually have – of enlightenment, of awakening. This is it, baby boy, that’s all there is. Reality, waiting for you, hiding in plain sight.

I’m going to spend more time with my wife – we’re going to take a walk together every day and have more conversations about our future and what we’re going to do. We’re going to be clearer about our plans. We’re going to figure our shit out in much more detail than we ever have so far. It doesn’t matter if we got into this without being super clear – we knew when we started that we would figure it out along the way. Well, we’re along the way. This is it, right here, right now. This is when we choose to be reborn, to start over, to break free.

Part of this is sheer force of will and determination, a hardening through facing up to circumstances. But the bulk of it will require more than just that. It will require discipline and focus and recalibration, or optimization. I cannot lose my fire like I have in the past before. All of the past attempts were leading up to this one – and maybe this one is also leading up to the next one – but this time we don’t get to be less woke. This time we don’t get to go back to sleep. It’s showtime. It’s go time. We have to shake up all our neurons, our entire brain, and realize that this is what we stand for. This is where we make our stand. We’re going in. We don’t have anymore time to waste.
On a day-to-day level I'm afraid of getting caught and scolded for doing bad things, or for not doing the things that I promised I would do. Rationally, this fear should translate into me doing the things. But in practice, this isn't the case. I have a sort of deer-in-headlights problem, where subconsciously I deal with this fear by handwaving and rationalising and talking and doing anything apart from doing the thing. Even last minute panic doesn't always give me the mind-focusing clarity that some others say it does.

I saw a comic once: "procrastination: browsing imgur stressfully". It's a funny thing that people can relate to, and it's funny because it doesn't make sense logically. If you're stressed because of your deadlines, you should stop whatever you're doing and work on whatever the deadline is. I find myself grasping at some primitive ideas – the passive, prey-creature's response to danger is to freeze, hide, play dead and hope that the predator goes away. The transition from prey to predator is a difficult one for me. It's actually remarkably hard to find people who have made the transition and then lived to speak about it. Most often, it seems, that if and when people do make the transition, they then start acting as if they were 'predatory' all along. And it makes sense – why talk about your former weakness, when you can talk instead about your current strength? It'll be interesting to see, when I eventually transcend my present configuration, if I bother to reach back and lift other people up from my situation. It might be suboptimal, my new circumstances will probably change my mind and have me pushing forward towards something new. I don't know, I don't want to overthink it, we'll see.

Let's go back to the start. So I have this deep challenge of focusing on rewiring my brain at a very fundamental level, from prey to predator. How do you do that?

My hypothesis is – you start by eating smaller fish. That's how it works in video games, right? The boss wrecks you, you lick your wounds and start beating up little baddies, get stronger, get more powerful, and eventually you become stronger than the boss and wreck him. It's possible that all of this is in your mind, that you were stronger than the boss to begin with but you had limiting beliefs holding you down. But so be it.

Sometimes limiting beliefs can be sort of legitimate – if you've never achieved something before, it makes sense to avoid trying, because you have a history of failure and trying again is just going to lead to more pain. So you need to take another route. You need to attain intermediate states.

What's the closest intermediate states that's achievable? There's always something that's just slightly out of reach that's actually achievable. That's what I need to do. I've known this for a long time, written about it several times, the hard thing is keeping it at the forefront of my mind 24/7. Reiteration and repetition helps. Weekly reviews help. I also need to do daily reviews. And it looks like meditation is a part of the answer, exercise is a part of the answer, sleep is a part of the answer, diet is a part of the answer. I hesitate with all 4 of those things.

Meditation because it feels a little silly, and I'm irrationally afraid of looking silly, even if it's just to myself. But I've tried it and I know it helps. And there's a lot of literature about how it helps. I also know that diet definitely affects my state of mind. Sleep definite, DEFINITELY affects my state of mind. If I want to progress and summon the demon-god in everyday life and eventually slay the saboteur-prison-guard, I will have to meditate, sleep, exercise, eat well. The eggs everyday help. The salmon helps. The beef helps. Deep breathing helps. Cigarettes are a tool of the prison-guard. Fast food is a tool of the prison-guard.

Flipping the identity bit is one of the hardest things to flip. It's the highest order bit, and theoretically it could be flipped through sheer force of will, but it seems that a bunch of other bits need to be flipped at the same time. Think back to the MVP pyramid... there's identity, beliefs, habits, rituals, routines, behavior, thoughts, relationships, environment. They all work together in tandem. If I want to change any one of those things, it helps to change all the others.

Identity: Who do I really think I am? I'm a scared little boy who's afraid of getting caught. Who worries he'll never be able to fulfill all his obligations. Who's a deer in headlights. Who needs to just get by. Who smokes cigarettes sometimes.

Beliefs: I do believe that things will take a turn for the better for me. And I certainly have made progress, and am making progress. But it does also feel like there's something inhibiting this progress. And I think the biggest blocker there is – I still haven't fully embraced that I, the person in the present moment, am responsible for getting me out of my current configuration into a superior one. When I was younger I used to think that some day a better version of me would take care of business. I am that better version of me. To get EVEN better, I'm going to have to work on me. I can't continue to play the waiting game. I've waited long enough, the bad days have passed, the bad environments have been left behind. It's just me, my home, my office, my commute, my colleagues, my social life (whether it exists or not, depending on MY actions), my personal projects (whether I define them or not, take action or not – it's all UP TO ME. Present me, 2016 me, not 2020 me or some other hopefully better future me.)

Habits. I have several that I need to crush. I sleep late. There are a bunch of reasons why I do that, but the main lever I need to press in order to change that is that sleeping early is necessary to give me the clarity of mind I need in order to shape my life for the better. To ship the things I want to ship. I can and still will ship all the blogposts that I want to ship. I will cook again tonight. I will work out tonight. I will sleep early, and wake early tomorrow. And I will progressively reduce the amount of time I spend on stupid shit.

I’ve watched a couple of documentaries lately and I want to reflect on them for a bit.

The first was Masters of Doubt, which was about the PR folks who work for corporations (such as big tobacco) to generally obstruct progress when it comes to the public’s understanding of adverse health effects, climate change, and so on. It’s an exploration of the tactics and strategies they use to slow things down, muddy things up.

The second was Thirteen, which walks us through the history of black America – from slavery to segregation and Jim Crow  all the way to the troubling Amerian pandemic of mass incarceration. You really get a sense of the suffering that black people have endured ever since being brought to America as slaves, how they were beaten and abused and attacked and arrested and jailed and criminalized, and how the State, maybe even without overt racist intentions, has encouraged and enabled that over the decades. A mythology of black criminality. And how the fear of black men has been almost engineered and inculcated in people systematically.  It’s quite mindblowing that a people can undergo so much suffering – and I find myself wondering now about colonialism in India, and in Singapore, and what the effects of those were on people, and what it means to live in the shadow of that. I say shadow because I think these things can be incredibly subtle, and it can require a tremendous amount of finesse to discern.

And yeah, I’ve seen first hand how some people are quick and eager to declare themselves as victims – and it’s messy, it’s problematic, I don’t want to be prescriptive about it. I think each person needs to confront their own circumstances, their own personal demons, survey the landscape themselves, read up their own history, and figure out for themselves who they want to be. We don’t start equal, and we don’t end equal, and the schools we go to tell us a sanitized story (and don’t get me started on schools themselves, lmao) about our histories.

So it’s really up to us to educate ourselves. The second part of this is… after watching a documentary and hoping to look for some enlightened discussions about it, I get on reddit and I see people who miss the point, who talk about black-on-black crime, who complain that they can’t bear the documentary because there’s a ‘hippie white guy’ who says that it’s ‘all white people’s fault’. Why do people have to oversimplify things like that?

But that’s one of the points I wanted to bring up. While watching the part about the mythos of the black man as a rapist, I found myself thinking about what Amy Schumer wrote about Odell Beckham Jr, and how privileged she was to be able to be so careless about something like that. (And yet, of course, women have their own share of struggles too, their own history of being subjugated, treated like property… so yeah, it’s complicated.)

I fee like there’s some fundamental, underlying thing that i’m trying to make sense of here about what it means to be a human living on this planet in the post 2010s. [1] But what exactly? I guess it’s something along the lines of – we are products of our history, and yet we’re a very myopic people. We don’t look very far into the past unless we’re forced to out of necessity, or because we happen to be curious about it. And I suppose we’re maladapted in that sense – our ancestors didn’t really have to care about history, they simply had to survive in the present moment. We still need to survive in the present moment, but that’s somehow simultaneously easier and more difficult. It’s easier to stay alive, but it’s harder not to feel terrible the whole time you’re alive – despite the creature comforts, sanitation, healthcare, etc. Or maybe I’m just naive and ignorant and we really do live in the best time ever to be alive.

But I doubt it’s so straightforward. My gut tells me that there are definitely things that we have “lost” – not in a linear sense; I don’t want to fall into the trap of thinking that past civilizations were necessarily better. In fact it may be that there are flaws and weaknesses intrinsic to modern civilization itself – loneliness, boredom, a lack of sense of community, communion and so on. Watching Human Planet, I found myself thinking that there seemed to be a joy in the hunt for food that we don’t quite get when we’re pulling things off of shelves in the supermarket. Yet surely they’d trade places with us? [2]

Recently I saw some of my old statuses thanks to Facebook’s On This Day feature, and I was amused by the sort of thing I used to think about. “Is an idea a thing?” or “What is an idea?” – a part of me thinks that I no longer have time for such ‘frivolous’ or ‘idealistic’ thoughts, and that I have to be more concerned with pragmatic, day-to-day concerns now. A part of me mourns that tradeoff. But is it really a tradeoff? Maybe that was a necessary process for me to go through, and I’ve gone through it now, gotten what I needed to get out of it, and I’ve now moved on to a new thing. It’s still fun to talk to young people about these things, to ask them questions and help them along, and to watch them learn and grow. But I don’t personally need to spend a lot of time on that because I’m done with that, at least as far as I can tell. It’s on to the next thing for me. Which is good. Which is what makes life interesting and worth living.

[1] Interesting that it feels like I can’t just say post-2000s – there seems to be a difference between the first and second decades of the 3rd millenium. It seems probable that there will continue to be more differences between each coming decade.

[2] Look at me, second-guessing myself with every sentence. But that’s fine, that’s just how I  process things. It’s a sign that I’m thinking about something a little new and a little unfamiliar. I’ll be able to tidy up my thinking later on once I’ve gotten through with it.
How much me-time do you get a day or week?

I created a task that said, "I need to schedule my “inner child” time early in the morning and get it out of the way so that I can move on and focus on work."

I think this is something that is fundamental and important. And it's something that I don't seriously discuss with myself enough. I should create a tag for it in my Things.

My belief here is that there's some fundamental amount of me-time that I need whether I admit it or not. I need to know with certainty that I'm going to have time "for myself" – for entertainment, for learning, for exploring, for playing. When I don't plan this out properly, I subconsciously find myself squeezing it into every little thing that I do. Earlier today I wanted to measure how long it would take me to fill in a KPI sheet. It took me 43 minutes. I think I could've done it in under 10 minutes if I focused and did nothing else – and that would've given me 30 minutes of actual playtime if I wanted it. But I didn't set aside 30 minutes for play, and so instead I spent 40 minutes on a 10 minute task. And did I really have much fun doing whatever I did in between (had a conversation with someone on Facebook, amongst other things)? Not really.

The lesson there is that time should be spent focused on doing one thing at a time. I've written about this over and over, thought about it, reflected on it, but actually doing it... is something I've been slow to do. Why? What's stopping me? I guess it's that I'm bad at simulating how good it'll feel to complete a task right now. I keep flitting to try and squeeze in some goodfeel from the dark playground. But really I should just visualize and simulate in my mind how good it'll feel to finish something. In fact, I could expand this into a full word vomit and it'll feel really good to publish it.

Shall we do it? It'll take a couple of minutes. Yes, let's, while the iron is hot.

Is there a "point" to me-time? No, me-time is the default state of play, exploration, having fun. There are good things that emerge from it, but obsessing about those things misses the point – the point is to enjoy the moment in itself. And here I find myself thinking that I've thought and written about this before – it will be interesting to revisit it, to compare. Yeah, dark brotherhood stuff. I mean, dark playground. Lmao dark brotherhood.

One way of approaching this is to want to have as much high-quality me-time as possible. A part of it requires raw quantity. I think 2 hours of me-time in the morning is something that I can easily afford if I set my mind to it, if I schedule for it. If and when I become a parent, or somebody with even more responsibility than I have right now, it'll get even harder.

What's the reason why I'm not getting more me-time?

Well, I have outstanding obligations. And so it feels like I need to be working on those obligations "whenever I have the chance". But what does that actually mean, whenever I have the chance? What is negotiable, what is not? Should I be spending my every waking moment on all my obligations? I think a big part of my underlying anxiety is the sense that obligations are always falling onto my plate at a faster rate than I can deal with them. And so my life is a piling up of obligations, and when I die, my final thoughts will be, "oops, I guess I couldn't do everything, sorry guys". And people will have no choice but to forgive me, or if they don't want to then fuck them, they'll have to live with it anyway.

So – if the situation on my deathbed is such that I'm going to have to let go of a bunch of obligations, what about right now? What's the current system? Well, at any given point in time I have some number of obligations. I have some limited capacity to meet some amount of these obligations. I would like to continually increase my capacity to meet obligations, but in the interim I'm going to have to give up on some in order to work on others, or otherwise flit from one obligation to the next and screw up at all of them (this is undesirable – and it's also a frustratingly, amusingly common outcome for me).
So then – the important thing is to prioritize and work backwards from the most important thing. Stephen Covey already covered this stuff, and so did Randy Pausch, and so does everyone – the Eisenhower Matrix, the Urgent-Important matrix, whatever you want to call it. Pick the most important thing and do it. Ask yourself "what's the most important thing" at every step of the way. I already know this intellectually, I've circled around it over and over again, why have I been slow to implement it, to internalize it? What am I missing? Clearly I need to be practicing this as though I'm practicing playing the guitar or something else. Or my posture. Why don't I have great posture? Well – I think my posture is getting better. But is it getting better in the most effective, fastest possible rate that it could be? Probably not. Almost definitely not.

(Is that itself a thing that's worth striving for? Maybe. I'm not sure. I think it should at least be experimented with, because once you have experience with accelerating something, even for trivial reasons, you can then use your experience to accelerate something else that really matters to you.)

As I'm writing this I'm getting the sense that the important thing is really just reviewing what I've done, over and over, doing performance reviews and examining them more closely. Watching the practice tapes and so on.


Roughly between ages 13 and 23 I was thoroughly convinced that one of the most powerful things you can do is to be really good at evaluating and crafting sound arguments. Rationality! Debate! Wisdom! I rearranged a lot of my life around that wishful ideal.

The past 3 years or so have convinced me that I've been fundamentally mistaken.

Let me try to explain why:

1. Sound arguments are always constructed within some context. (A therefore B, assuming X, Y and Z...).

2. The moment you start getting invested in the arguments you're constructing, you begin to get blind to the world outside of your context. It's like how you tune out everything else when you're trying to perform a precise task.

3. When you get it right, you'll get tremendous validation from other people who share your context. This feels very, very good, and is very, very habit-forming.

4. Sometimes you'll win over people who are in adjacent, overlapping contexts – and these few instances are held up as glorious victories. You will cherish these. But these people were usually more or less already exploring your context to begin with. To put it very crudely, it's like hunting docile rather than wild animals.

5. Once you start hanging out with people in the same context, there's a sort of natural radicalization that happens. It's not malicious; it's almost 'physics' – the most attention gets naturally funnelled to the most egregious mistakes made by people outside of the context. So there's a sort of 'gravity' that 'pulls' everyone closer to the 'center'. The most radical members spend the most time in it, influence it the most, etc etc.

6. Now you have an in-group and an out-group. This is almost always bad news. The "sound arguments" are now almost entirely subservient to the group needs. The gravity is too strong, it bends the light, and almost nobody realizes this. The people who do realize this will typically be ousted from the group, or quietly leave themselves. More radicalization.

7. The primary way each group interacts with the other is by focusing on the absolute worst outliers of the other group. As SMBC said, "every group is some % crazy assholes". Every group in turn holds up the outgroup's crazy asshole as a sort of threatening bogeyman. (Of course, this doesn't mean that all crazy assholes are equally bad or not-bad. Some crazies cause serious harm to other people.)

8. When a 'normal' member of the group encounters the other group, and gets caricatured as the bogeyman, their response is naturally to get upset, offended. They might try to argue for a while, but whatever argument they come up with, however sound or calm, can always be framed as "lol why u mad tho". You can't argue your way out of that one, the only way to win is not to play. (Or to win some other game OUTSIDE the narrow context you're currently stuck in).

9. The vast majority of each group then ends up being highly suspicious of one another, and ends up barely ever having real conversations with the other. Their contexts are so different that they might as well literally be speaking different languages entirely. (And in fact, if you pay careful attention, they always are. Every in-group develops its own language.)

10. The only way out of this mess, as far as I can tell, is to avoid labels, avoid in-groups, and to try and make sense of each issue independently. And never try to argue with anybody to change their mind, ever.

11. The challenge with #10 is to genuinely, legitimately suspend judgement. You do this by realizing that your judgement is necessarily limited because it's formulated within a specific context, and that the world is always bigger than your context.

12. If you're good at doing 10 and 11, you will cease to be surprised or shocked by things like Brexit or Trump or any other supposedly outrageous phenomenon. The surprise mainly happens because you're heavily invested in your context – the friends you talk to, the media you read, so on and so forth.

13. Let me try to return to the starting point – why I think I'm mistaken.

14. I used to believe that the way to winning people over, to making friends, to earning respect, receiving validation, serving the world, etc – was to get really good at debate, at arguments. The idea there was that if you get good at it, you'll get closer to the truth.

15. The reality of it, however, is that you get very good at a very narrow subset of things. You just don't see it because you're so focused on it that the map becomes the territory for you. You become the person who understands the map better than anybody else, but then someday you'll follow your map right off a cliff – because the map isn't the territory, and it can never be.

16. It is much more difficult – and far more useful – to learn to identify the context that you're in, and to ask yourself if that's the context that you actually want to be in. If that's the best context for you.

17. It's exceptionally difficult because it requires relinquishing the validation that you've been conditioned to enjoy from arguing on behalf of your in-group. It requires (at least it did for me) a sort of self-imposed exile. In my experience, this is actually harder than quitting smoking. And it makes sense that it would be.

18. Actually, come to think of it, a lot of the frustration, ennui, listnessless, etc that I've faced in the past 3-4 years has been largely caused by discovering that so much of what I had invested myself into was really a narrow game. Consider, for example, once you're an adult, how silly teenagers seem when they get all caught up in their drama.

19. To the teenagers, of course, it's not silly at all. Their context is all they know. If you mock your child for being frustrated by his "trivial" context (when you're being frustrated by your much larger context), don't be surprised if he decides that you don't understand him. Because you don't.

Contexts, man. Context is everything. Everybody's is different. Yours will change sooner or later whether you like it or not. When you recognize this, you don't need to argue so much. But of course you can't force this insight down anybody's throat.
One of the things I want to get better at doing is reviewing each calendar year.

1. I’ve always been bad at doing any sort of review in a systematic way. Think about how bad I was at keeping my files updated back in school. And how I’ve never really managed to stick to any sort of deliberate system or habit for longer than a few months. I’m trying to change that now. I feel like I’ve been trying to change this for the past 6-8 years. What am I going to do now moving forward that’s going to make a difference?

1b. I think the answer is that I’m going to change my attitude towards the importance of a daily calendar review. The costs are too high now for me to let it go. I’m approaching my 4th year of marriage, of being a home-owner, of being employed. I can no longer approach it like a beginner, like a novice. There are expectations I have to live up to, especially my own.

2. I was doing a calendar review yesterday (I know it because I put it in my calendar). I went to the start of 2016, and then scanned through my days week by weeks. I didn’t always keep great records – sometimes I’d have weeks at a time where I didn’t fill in anything, and can’t exactly be sure of what I did.

2a. A part of me wants to be okay with that, as a sort of resistance to the colonization of time. But the bigger part of me I think wants to see what it’s like when I really take my own time seriously. After all, I can always revert to living a life of indifference to time. I do remember that there was a period of time in my life where I basically just hung out with friends every day, and I didn’t enjoy that at all. I found myself weary, listless, and it was just not a good vibe.

2b. It’s also a little shocking how short a year really is. It seems like a long stretch of time when it’s laid out in front of you. But you’re going to spend a third of it asleep. You’re going to spend large chunks of it eating, showering, using the toilet, walking from place to place, and so on. The reality of it seems to be that after everything else, I only have a couple of hours – maybe up to 4 hours – that I can reliably count on to be productive with. And when I look at my calendar, I see that I wasn’t nearly as productive as I wish I was. And I don’t even think I was as productive as I assumed I’d be. That’s the scary part.

3. I spend a lot more time on Facebook or randomly surfing the internet – reddit and so on – than I realize. I went cold turkey on this back in 2013, which was good for a while, but it’s slowly crept back onto me. A part of me does think that I want to build relationships with people on Facebook for my long-term writing career, but I need to be very precise about what exactly I’m trying to achieve with that – because otherwise it’s sickeningly easy to fall into the trap of just hanging out in the common room all day. (Which was what I did when I was in Junior College.)

4. I was talking to a friend over a beer and talked about how we’re going to be turning 27. Lots of the celebrities that we looked up to – Kurt Cobain, Amy Winehouse, etc – they never made it to 28. Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Janis Joplin. All of them crashed and burned one way or another. And it looks like we’re probably going to make it to 28.

4b. I just thought that was interesting, because making it to old age in a healthy and functional way, I think, requires effort. And we’re crossing a threshold now, and once we’ve crossed it we really have to shed our old skins. We have to reimagine ourselves as entirely different people, in a new stage of life, reborn.

5. All this calendar talk is really about me circling around the idea that I don’t want to waste any more time. I don’t want to allow forces beyond my control to dictate how I spend my time – or if that’s inevitable to some degree, well at least I want to minimize the amount of time that is taken from me. Life is so short. It passes so fast. I can’t believe 4 years have already gone. It almost seemed to have vanished in the haze. It went by while I was trying to keep up and trying to get by. I feel like I “deserve”  at least a decade where I feel well-adjusted and happy and in control of my domain. Of course, nobody “deserves” anything. Life will bitch-smack you in the face if it feels inclined to.

6. Another thing I’m trying to tie up here is the importance of ruthless prioritization, which I’m sure I’ve written about before. I usually write myself into a frenzy to try and get myself into the right mood for agreeing that prioritization is important, but I rarely follow up with what I think is actually most important, and then eliminate everything else accordingly.

7. Well, for the remaining two years I’m going to make it a point that my word vomits are my single top priority. I’m going to have to write at least one every single day. I need to cross 650 by the end of the year, ideally I’d like to cross 700. I know it’s possible. I just need to make it a priority. I need to do it early in the day so I get it out of my system, before I do anything else. My 2nd priority would be fitness. I need to get healthier now while I’m still young. More on that later.

I was born in Singapore in 1990. George HW Bush was President of the USA. The Berlin Wall fell, East and West Germany were reunited, and the Hubble space telescope was launched. Thatcher resigned. Mandela was released. Encyclopedia Britannica reached its all time highest sales. The pope was John Paul 2. The first McDonald’s and Pizza Hut outlets opened in Russia and China. Smoking is banned on all cross-country flights in the US. Voyager sends back the Pale Blue Dot photograph. Gorbachev is elected President of the Soviet Union. The WHO removed homosexuality from its list of diseases. Microsoft released Windows 3.0. Nickelodeon studios opened. Joanne Rowling gets the idea for Harry Potter while on a train, and begins writing. Iraq invades Kuwait, initiating the Gulf war. Civil war breaks out in Rwanda. Tim Berners-Lee begins work on the WWW. Home Alone was released. Lee Kuan Yew resigns and Goh Chok Tong becomes PM. The world population was 5.2 billion.

When I was maybe 7 or 8 years old, I was watching my schoolmates playing football in the field after school. I was so engrossed that I missed my school bus. Irrationally, in tears, I decided to wander and try and find my way home by myself, navigating by landmarks. And I particularly remember feeling rather lost because it was National Day season, and all of the blocks of flats were covered in Singapore flags. These days you don’t see many people putting up flags anymore. And that strikes me as something that has changed about Singapore. It’s just an odd little detail that sticks with me.

I never knew what Lee Kuan Yew was like as a Prime Minister – by the time I was old enough to know what a Prime Minister was, it was Goh Chok Tong. So I never really learned the fear and respect that older Singaporeans had for LKY. Singapore was already prosperous by the time I showed up, and I got to witness it becoming even more so – buses became fully air-conditioned, tickets gave way to tap-and-go cards.

I remember when Princess Diana died. I remember a black car and flashing lights, and I remember a massive procession that was all over the news.

I remember thinking Sir Stamford Raffles was a pretty cool guy when I was a kid. Bill Clinton was the first US President I remember, and he seemed to me like a manifestation or representation of what was “good” about America. Tall white man, friendly, charming, charismatic. He had more personality than Goh Chok Tong, for sure. The other leaders I remembered – Mahatir in Malaysia, Suharto in Indonesia. Thaksin, Yingluck, Thailand’s a mess with coups and such. Sukarno.

I never understood the conflict in the Middle East. To this day, after all the reading and watching of histories and whatnot, I still feel like I don’t really. I don’t understand why people feel so strongly about Israelis and Jews, for example. But maybe it had to do with the fact that Hitler and the Holocaust seem so long ago that I don’t feel it.  Still I feel like people who talk about these things talk in a coded language I don’t understand. Why do Malay Muslims in Southeast Asia feel so stongly about Palestine? I mean, I sort of understand, but I also sort of don’t.

9-11 was the global scale event of my time – I was 11 years old when it happened and I remember phoning at least one friend to tell him what happened. Back in the day where we had to use landlines to call one another. I remember my dad’s behavior being a little incongruous – he seemed to think that the Americans must’ve deserved whatever was coming to them, after whatever interventions they had done elsewhere in the world. I watched the news for hours – every single TV channel was being interrupted. The newscasters were worried. I watched as each of the towers collapsed and a thousand people died, as people jumped from the towers.

I remember the memes back then, too, before we stated calling them that. The “we’re going to kill you Osama” memes. Stickdeath getting all patriotic and coming up with ways and means to kill Arabs and brown people. I remember that there was a message read to us in school the next day – probably from the Minister of Education, talking about the importance of being vigilant and safe. And I think it was after that that security in schools was stepped up, with stricter controls for who could go in and out. Prior to that I seem to vaguely recall walking in and out of everywhere with no problem. Same for airport security, probably.

I remember my dad bringing me to an opposition party rally probably in 2001.

I had a world globe when I was a kid and it had the USSR on the map. I used to play Red Alert, which was about an alternate timeline where Hitler was killed and the USSR expanded westward. I had an odd fascination with them – I liked their typefaces, I thought “The Reds” was pretty cool. The Cold War ended before I was born but it seemed to echo through my early days.

I remember being 18 and watching Obama, a black man, get elected as POTUS. I was so excited. It seemed like the dawn of a new era of maturity, open-mindedness and so on. Then came marriage equality. It took me a while to warm up to caring about gay rights – when I was a teenage boy I was naively, superficially homophobic in the way that teenage boys tend to be, in groups, mocking one another.

I remember the big tsunami in 2005. My parents were in Sri Lanka at the time and I was worried that they might’ve been dead. I tried to be stoic about it and figure out what my life would be like if they did.

I remember being a little bit sad when Goh Chok Tong handed over the PM role to Lee Hsien Loong. I heard rumours of nepotism – how can the former PM's son be PM – but I don’t think it personally bothered me too much. The SG Govt seemed infallible and could do no wrong. I think I was about 15 when I learned about things like Operation Cold Store thanks to a passionate history teacher.

When I was in the military, there was an instance where some soldier had self-radicalized with the intent of becoming a terrorist. I remember we were ushered into a meeting room and our commander (who I admired) told us we were not to speak to the media, not to blog about it, etc. I remember feeling vaguely outraged at being told not to blog (if my memory serves me well), but it wasn’t something I wanted to blog about anyway so eh. It was with good intentions I’m sure, but it just reminded me of the nature of power and security and all that good stuff.

So Donald Trump is going to be the next President of the United States. Social media is blowing up about it, even in Singapore. What a big deal it’s going to be, why it’s bad, why it’s maybe not so bad, so on and so forth. I’ve already spent probably a day’s worth of time distributed over a few days just reading about this guy. Probably more than a day. And that’s an annoying thought. It means that I’ve given away control of my mind to forces beyond myself. And what am I going to do about it? How am I going to personally make a difference to the Government of the United States? I’m much less than a drop in the bucket.

I’ve tried to internalize this point several times but I still haven’t fully gotten around to it. One interpretation is that I’m just lazy and indulgent. Another part of the equation I should keep in mind is the fact that humans are probably wired to obsess about current affairs. To our ancestors living in small tribes, little hunting parties, every single bit of information about everybody else in the group was highly important. But that is no longer the case. We’re swimming in far too much information that’s not actually directly relevant or impactful to us. Who’s going to write the article about how it’s so much more important to just focus on the difference we can make, to ourselves? (Somebody’s probably written it. I know Gary Vee mentioned something like it at his speech at Inbound, and I already know the arguments against a statement like that – how naive, how ignorant, how privileged, way to disregard the real struggles and frustrations of marginalized peoples).

Yeah, there are real people with real problems. How much of my time and energy should I devote to trying to make a difference to them? There’s this thing going around about Teenage magazine and how someone submitted a question for Dear Kelly, about what to do after being raped by a friend. And the advice column replied that she should regret having lied to her mother about where she went, and be thankful that her rapist wore a condom so that she’s unlikely to get pregnant or any STDs. Of course this is slut-shaming, focuses on the victim and so on. A friend of mine shared the news, and there was a guy asking questions like “isn’t it tedious to have to worry about consent all the time”, and I left a comment in support of my friends’ POV – that consent, while tedious, is still more important than one person’s pleasure. I do sincerely believe that. And I do think I helped make my friends feel a little better, knowing that there’s someone in their corner. But how much time should I spend doing things like that, and what is the opportunity cost of that? That’s the real question I need to ask myself. What could I be doing with my time instead, and what should I be doing? Is it a higher priority for me than finishing my writing project ASAP? I need to be clear about this. It’s not as simple as “how selfish should I be”, because in the long run one of the best things a person can do for their friends is to be as self-actualized as possible. I truly believe that.

I spend too much time on reddit and Facebook. This is a fact. Why do I spend any time on there at all? I find myself thinking vague thoughts like “looking for inspiration”, “catching up with news”, “catching up with my friends” and so on. But what is the point of all of that? Okay, a part of it is just wired into me as something that I tend to want. I think it makes far more sense to meet people 1-1 and devote my time and energy entirely to them in those interactions. I think it makes more sense to organize dinner parties and have people over. Spending time discussing things on Facebook doesn’t really change the world all that much, as the latest US elections have shown.

Perhaps reality is still far more complex than I’m making it out to be and I’m just clutching at straws here, circling around what I think is the most important thing. And the most important thing is that I need to define what my own most important thing is, and then prioritize that above everything else, and do that as well as I can. I think a person can reasonably work their ass off for about 4 hours a day and then go on to do other things. I think as long as I DO work my ass off for 4 hours on my top priority each day, I can then go on to have fun doing things like defend my friends on Facebook – if that’s what I want. Virtue-signalling all day every day. (Deciding to forgo virtue-signalling is just a sort of 2nd-order derivative to virtue-signalling, for virtue-signallers with more refined tastes.)

There is no escaping the game of virtue-signalling. The question is whether the signalling is cheap or costly. I was thinking the other day that life is all about accumulating your personal favorite class of prestige or status. Status in the form of signifiers is hollow, status in the form of human relationships is somehow more deep and true. People who are genuinely motivated by things like honor (the way Taleb talks about it) seem to be somehow more righteous, more good. But isn’t that also more of the same thing, in a sense? Yeah, yeah, I’m an idiot for suggesting that, failing to kapish the problem. I don’t know. We’re all a bunch of monkeys playing status games, some a little more refined than others, some supposdly more meaningful than others, my game is bette or more interesting than your game.

I recognize that I cannot opt out. I recognize that trying to opt out is just another way of playing it. So I have to figure out what’s the game that I really, really want to play. And I’m tired of first-order virtue-signalling on social media because that stuff seems hollow. I want to be more useful. The best way to be more useful is to fundamentally improve myself in a way that legitimately challenges and inspires the people around me. To do that I have to challenge and inspire myself. To do that I have to do the work towards my own goals, and demonstrate that I am happy, fulfilled, satisfied, grateful and so on. I think Marcus Aurelius probably had that stuff pretty well figured out, and he’s a reasonable person to follow about these things.

I'm going to list out things that I'm afraid of. I'm going to try and avoid virtue-signalling and be useful to myself.

I'm afraid of making mistakes. Why? Because I'm afraid people will think I'm stupid, or incompetent.

Reality: It's okay to make mistakes, the worst mistake is to be paralyzed with inaction. I don't need to make big public mistakes. Instead, I can share my work with people I trust and get corrections and recommendations before I share it with the world at large.

I'm afraid of making decisions. Why? Because I'm afraid that I'd get things wrong.

Reality: It's better to get some things wrong than to do nothing at all. If you want to have a good life, you'll want to make as many good decisions as you can. And it's a good idea to just practice making as many decisions as possible. Live an intentional life, don't defer to the default setting. When you were a kid, you didn't trust yourself to make good decisions and you were willing to drift along. But you've learned now that you can get better at making decisions, and that drifters don't drift anywhere great. Nobody drifts to the Olympics, or to the top of a mountain, or to anything worth doing. As Chris Hadfield said, don't let life kick you around into becoming a person you don't want to be.

I'm afraid I'll never accomplish anything great.

Reality: That's a good fear. But that doesn't mean you avoid trying. Great things are achieved with baby steps. What are the baby steps that you need to take in order to achieve the great things that you want to achieve?

I'm afraid I'll never be able to become a productive person, that I'm cursed to constantly be playing catch up with my life.

Reality: Other people have had this fear too, and overcome it. It's all about learning a new skill. Didn't you once believe you'd never be able to squat your bodyweight, or that you'd never be able to play music? You can become a productive person. You just need to be clear about how and why.

You already know that obligation debt is a painful, miserable thing. You have a very good reason for becoming a productive person. You'll be able to contribute more. You'll be able to be a force for good for everyone in your life. You can challenge and inspire your friends to become better. You can repay debts to everyone that you feel obligated to. You can come out on top and have a net surplus. So that's that for the why's.

Now, the more important things – the How. Listen, I know you look at your history and you see a series of mistakes. Like every minor success is just a stepping stone to the next failure. But here's the thing, that's entirely a function of your perspective. (Your perspective in turn is colored by things like your physical state, so make sure you're getting enough sleep, exercise, healthy food, human contact and so on– because if those things are on the fritz then your perspective is going to shit).

Decide that you're going to level yourself up. That you're going to learn how to do things that you weren't able to do before. You are capable of learning and growing. You've learned to cook, haven't you? You've learned to navigate an unfamiliar environment (the kitchen), to use unfamiliar tools (pots and pans), to work with unfamiliar material (pasta, meat, oil, spices), to put them through an unfamiliar process (cooking), and you've created something amazing – food that's so delicious that you actually look forward to eating it again. You did the same thing when you bought a squat rack to teach yourself how to squat.

You can do the same thing with your time. Remember how scared you used to be of food prep, of going into a kitchen, feeling like an idiot about it? Now, remember how scared you used to be of schedules? Of deadlines, and so on? It's the same thing as the kitchen. You're going to navigate an unfamiliar environment (clocktime), use unfamiliar tools (calendars, task plans, sub-steps), put them through an unfamiliar process (careful monotasking interspersed with reflection) and create something amazing – an output that exceeds your commitments. And you'll feel great about it. You vaguely know this to be true from moments of accidental or incidental effectiveness. Let's make it your new default state, as if you were going to be cooking every day. As with cooking, don't start out with massive expectations of getting everything done. Just think of it as dipping your feet in unfamiliar waters. You just want to get used to what it feels like, and then you can start experimenting.

I'm afraid I don't have enough time, and I'm afraid to face that so I have this habit of ignoring the problem and hoping it goes away. Of course, it never goes away, but eventually I get too tired or exhausted to be able to do anything about it, and then nobody can fault me for it because I sat there and ran out the clock. Nobody will ever have the patience to spend their entire life policing me; they have their own life to live too. So as long as I'm sitting here running out the clock, I have some sort of autonomy or control over my life. It's a very shitty, limited autonomy, like a tiny-ass blanket that doesn't cover anything, but it's all I knew at some point.

Reality: You already know the answer to this. Yes, you don't have enough time, but that doesn't mean you give up and avoid your problems. That just makes things worse. If you don't have much time, you're going to have to be smart about it. You're going to have to renegotiate. Simplify things. Do some bare minimum for each thing. Make some progress. Let go of this sad life of misery and guilt. Throw away the safety blanket – set it on fire and watch it burn.
"what is something i believe about how the world works, which i haven't actually tested yet?”

The older I get, the clearer it becomes to me that I don’t really understand how the world works. I mean I have some rough basic ideas but I’m not sure how useful they are. From first principles of course we have basic physics – that the Earth goes around the sun, that entropy is always increasing, and so on. It’s fascinating stuff, but it doesn’t tell me a lot about how to live my life, apart from things like “don’t jump out of tall buildings”, “don’t stare into the sun” and so on. Maybe there are some implications down the line that I’m not thinking of.

But when someone says “how does the world work”, they usually mean the human world in particular. How do I fit in, how do I interface with it? How do I make a living? Once upon a time the world was simple – it was just the group of people that you lived with. You go hunting together, eat the food, groom one another, have sex, make babies, raise them together, and sleep under the stars. (Maybe.) But as settlements and civilization became a thing, “the world” got more complicated. Kingdoms emerged. Food surpluses. Specialized warfare. Conquest. Money. And then these groups coalesced and fought and traded and rubbed against each other in all sorts of ways. All sorts of things developed in parallel – technologies, philosophies, art, culture, humans trying to make sense of themselves and one another. Immensely complex system, extensive histories, all sorts of accidents and missteps, all kinds of madness, anger, hate, suffering, joy, happiness, discovery, oppression, slavery, control, power.

If we’re talking about civilization, we’re talking about power. We’re talking about militaries and technologists and financial services and legal systems, all populated, staffed, run and coordinated by people working as parts of superorganisms greater than themselves.

The concept of man as a solitary creature, as an individual – is a recent one. People didn’t start thinking of themselves as Individuals with a capital I until a few centuries ago, maybe a couple of millenia at most. For most of human history we lived in groups, and our lives depended on our groups. A lot of us in modern civilization aren’t so directly dependent on a core group of people the way our ancestors were, but even that depends on our reliance on broader systems. We can only develop the illusion of being self-made when we live in a place that has laws, that has law enforcement, rules, cultural norms of fairness, opportunities, etc – all of which are things that depend on other people doing their jobs. We live on the benevolence of strangers. This I think is self-evident to anybody who pays enough attention. Even if you live in a cabin in the woods that you built with your bare hands, you couldn’t have done it the moment you came into existence. You depended on your parents to nourish and nurture you when you were a weak little baby. For most of us, we needed to learn language – which is a massive collaborative effort happening in real time. People need other people, no matter how cool we pretend we are, or how much we love solitude.

In the real world, every product we buy is designed and assembled by countless others. Even a humble pencil comes from multiple origins – the graphite, the wood, the assembly, the delivery to the store. A massive, elaborate dance just to get you the pencil. And where did the money come from, the money in your pocket that you take out to pay for that pencil? It was printed by your government, which has a ministry of finance, perhaps a central bank, some elaborate monetary policy. And how did you get that money? You probably had to earn it, selling your labor to an employer for a wage. Or maybe you’re an entrepreneur – you still have to make stuff, and that probably involves getting raw materials from somewhere, hiring some people, so on and so forth.

The world works in an incredibly elaborate and intricate fashion, depending on the collaboration of billions of players. It’s amazing that it works as well as it does. IT does fail from time to time, sometimes over and over again in the same conflict zones. And yet it works most of the time, which is quite a miracle. I’m surprised it doesn’t break more. I suppose the reason for that is that most people are interested in having a good, happy life. Everybody wants a good time. Everybody wants to spend time with people they enjoy, eat good food, look attractive, pursue their curiosities and imaginations, so on.

All of this is true but I find myself still thinking that there’s something amiss. If I truly understood how the world truly, truly works, then I wouldn’t have any sort of stress or nervousness about it. But I do. There’s more that I’m missing.

One way of approaching it is that everything is fundamentally made up of cause and effect relationships. Every event has a cause or multiple causes. As humans we are all meatbags with neurons firing in our brain, awash in hormones and chemicals. Our brains are wired in certain ways (and everybody’s brains, while possessing similarities, is also unique). An important thing to do for a good life is to figure out what are your unique desired end-states. What is it that your brain enjoys doing? Now the first answer for most brains is probably heroin, and that’s a bad answer because heroin has some drastic, damaging effects on the body and you won’t enjoy it for very long. So you need to pick more sustainable desired end-states. For me I think it happens to be writing. I enjoy words, I like playing with words, I fantasize about reassembling words into superior configurations as I see fit. But that’s just part of what I care about. The brain has many different desires, many inconvenient, many conflicting. I also have to think about survival, how to put food on the table, and if I want to have kids and things like that. That’s a lot of cost-benefit analysis to be done. Sometimes I wonder if it’s actually worth it, or if it’s all just rationalization. I think there is definitely value in having a thinking, first-principles sort of attituide to life. After all, random improvisation will never get you to the top of a mountain, or an Olympics gold medal. Not all mountaineers or Olympians are happy, of course, especially if they fail, or if they felt pressured or coerced into it.

I guess here there’s an interesting point to be made about social pressures. Again, the modern world we live in is very different from the set of habits and impulses that our brains have. We have incredibly outdated software, and we’re using it in an environment that it wasn’t “designed” (selected, to be precise) for. So we find ourselves getting into angry internet arguments with total strangers. Why? Legacy issues. Vestigial remnants of whatever it is that helped our ancestors with their strifes and squabbles. We have minds designed for operating in scarcity, and we (at least those of us with internet connections and indoor plumbing) live in a world of abundance. Obesity is going to be more common than starvation before you know it (if it isn’t already).

Go back to the question. How does the world work? It’s a massive network of humans who are vaguely pursuing their desires and goals – but mostly just in a superficial way, just to keep up with their peers and neighbours. Mostly the world works according to peer approval, which is quite a sham because all the little emperors are naked and none of us really knows what we’re talking about.

I think the thing I haven’t tested enough is – if the world is so fundamentally colaborative and so fundamentally networked, it means that I should be spending more time talking to individuals, helping individuals. Yet here I am spending so much of my time writing in solitude. That’s gotta change, most probably.

The year is coming to an end, and whenever that happens I get into a rather wistful and contemplative mood. There’s a sense of winding down, of taking time to reflect upon the past. I was looking through my archives and it looks like I’ve been doing this consistently for almost all of the 2010s so far. There are two or three instances that I tend to write about – I write at the end of the year to review how it’s gone, I write at the dawn of the new year to plan ahead, and I write on my birthday (which conveniently falls in June, right in the middle) to take stock of how things are going.

Here’s what I’ve noticed from examining my past few years’ worth of notes.

I have the same recurring goals over and over again. They’re the most fundamental of goals. Sleep more, sleep better. Avoid cigarettes. Eat healthier. Exercise more. Read more. Write more. Spend less time dicking around on the internet. Spend more time with loved ones. Make time to try new, different and challenging things. Grow as a person.

I don’t make a lot of progress on these goals. When I compare myself today to myself from 2-3 years ago, there’s obvious progress. But it’s not as dramatic as I’d like it to be. I’ve gotten rather bored with how often I’m repeating myself, and I’ve definitely gotten bored of saying that I’m bored. I’m trapped in this little cycle. Which is frustrating, because I already feel quite trapped by my circumstances – living in a small flat, struggling through a lengthy commute, day after week after month after year. It’s silly if I’m also going to trap myself in old patterns of thinking, patterns of behavior.

A friend repeatedly says that 27 is the year that everything changes. You’re too close to 30 now to keep dicking around. Your time is too precious, and you’ve wasted too much already. Well I hope he’s right. But I can’t depend on hope alone, either. I have to put in the effort. I have to change something about how I’ve been doing things. I find myself thinking that there are parallels between the way I’m currently operating and the way I used to play video games as a child. I’ve written this several times now surely – 0194. I couldn’t break through the plateau until I stopped making the fundamental mistake, which was spending way too much at the start on infrastructure and then getting eaten alive by the maintenance costs. You have to grow organically.

If I’m forced to draw a parallel, just for fun, I think the mistake I make here is that I think way too big and plan way too far ahead. And I probably incur some sort of maintenance costs from that. What I should I be doing instead? The same thing with the city – start really really small. Focus on an hour at a time, a day at a time. You win the year by winning the months, the months by winning the weeks, the weeks by winning the days. I’ve been hit hard by the fact that I always think “1 word vomit a day isn’t a big deal”, and yet every year I publish far less than 365 word vomits. If I had just stuck to 1 a day, I would have been done by now. It’s a sobering reminder of the power of accumulation. It’s actually worth doing 5 pushups a day if you can, run for 5 minutes if you can. It seems trivial but it’s really not, it really adds up. So maybe that’s what I’m going to do in 2017. I’m going to focus on the smallest wins – smaller than anything I’ve done before. I’m not going to try to win the whole year. I’m going to try to win the first week. And then the 2nd week. And I’m going to do weekly and monthly reviews. I’ve already been doing weekly reviews for the past 10+ weeks – they haven’t been perfect, but they’ve been done.

There’s two things that I need to focus on to get that right. I need to have a daily routine where I check my calendar several times, and I need to update it regularly. I’m doing that now. I need to make sure every day is as filled as I possibly can fill it – not with what I’m planning to do, but with what I actually did. If I can do this every day, I will be able to see a much clearer picture of how I’m spending my time – and I can make adjustments accordingly in real time.

It’s still November. I want to be doing this for all of December and January and I want to do it for as long as I can. If I screw up for a week or a month, I want to get right back on track. It’s all about focusing on what’s in front of my face, on what I can do now that will contribute towards my larger vision, towards my larger goals for myself. There’s no point trying to over-articulate those bigger picture things until I can get to the relative cutting-edge of whatever it is that I’m working on, because that will give me the perspective and context I need in order to make bets.

I was re-reading Cal Newport’s So Good They Can’t Ignore You. While I thought I had internalised the idea, there are still a few useful points to reference and ruminate on. I thought he made a great point about the necessity of career capital, and about how courage is insufficient early on but necessary later once you’ve paid your dues. There was a great bit about how… something along the lines of – if a little introspection, day-dreaming, imagination and idealism was all it took to change the world, tonnes of people would be making massive impact.

The thing that I want to do is HARD. It’s PAINFUL. Most people QUIT. And I have a long history of quitting when things get hard and painful. The path I have taken so far has not been the most efficient, has not been the best. But I am not down for the count. I’m coming back. I will be better and stronger because of it.
I was reading an interview with Henry Kissinger, and he talked about how him and Enlai from China used to meet secretly in 1971 – and in order to build confidence, they’d discuss their world philosophies. “We sounded like two college professors discussing the nature of the world and its future”.

> This sort of dialogue is not apparent in contemporary U.S.–China dialogue. Leaders meet and have useful conversations in the sense that there are practical items—a lot of items—that they have to work through. Yet the Chinese leave such conversations frustrated. The primary subject they want to discuss—philosophical in nature—is never raised, which is “If we were you, we might try to suppress our rise. Do you seek to suppress us? If you do not, what will the world look like when we are both strong, as we expect to be?”

It's funny for me to contemplate this because in my teenage years I was very much in love with 'philosophy' and 'what does it all mean' and 'how should things be’ . And I remember hearing from ’serious’ or ‘respectable’ people – or ordinary young people who aspired to seriousness and respectability – that things like philosophy are an indulgence, a waste of time, and that if you wanted to do something serious and important like say work in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, then you have to be good at doing the practical things. I disagreed vehemently then, but over time I grew to kinda not get involved – and at some point I grew weary of all of the wannabe philosophising altogether, because which didn't seem to go anywhere.

And now it's becoming clear that these heart-stories, seemingly trivial or childish beliefs, are axiomatic. Of law, of work, of love, of family... at the heart of everything is – what is the story you tell yourself, about who you are, what the world is, and how we are to meet it? Philosophy isn’t just something for college professors or for idealistic filmmakers. It remains true that philosophy is at the deep heart of all of our human systems.

(I’m thinking now about a quote… something along the lines of “Anybody who thinks that they’re an independent thinker unconstrained by history without need for ethics is probably a slave to the thinking of some defunct white economist from 200 years ago”. Something like that.)

I’m thinking now about what I enjoyed about The West Wing. I find myself thinking about an episode where a black man made the case for reparations for slavery. And Bartlett asking “What is the virtue of a proportionate response?” And Sam Seaborne saying that schools should be palaces, education should be the #1 source of government spending, etc. It must be one of the reasons why the show inspired so many people to get into politics – because they saw the full picture, they saw how it was a vehicle for them to express their values and beliefs. It was cheesy and corny at times, sometimes preachy, heavy-handed and more than a bit smug and eager to deliver smackdowns. But ultimately I think it was more wholesome to consume than something like House Of Cards (I gave up halfway) not because “good is better than cynical”, but because it raised questions that the latter didn’t. About how to make decisions in difficult times. About how to operate in uncertainty. About values and principles.

I’m thinking now also of Simon Sinek, and about how people don’t want to buy what you do, they buy why you do it. It’s about having the same beliefs. Do you believe what I believe? And I’m thinking now about how Apple was under Steve Jobs, and how everyone felt confident that you could trust that someone like Steve Jobs would guarantee that your products were great. What other brands are like that?

Now I’m thinking about Alain de Botton's - The News: A User’s Manual. He talks about how every piece of news is part of a bigger narrative, a bigger conflict along really big questions. Every boring news article is actually in fact a drop of paint on a much larger canvas – about questions like, how should we allocate our resources? What are our priorities and why?

What ARE my values and beliefs? I stopped writing this here because I didn’t think I could answer the question in a succinct manner fiat the time I was writing it. Revisiting it a little later, I find myself thinking that maybe I shouldn’t be in a rush to try and figure everything out all at once. I wonder what Nassim Taleb would have to say about it. On one hand he said something like “you should be able to describe the point of your work while standing on one leg”, and on the other he expressed disdain for anything that was overly simplistic, bureaucratic, procrustean.

So what is it then? What are my values? Now I’m thinking about Dalio’s Principles. The point of having Principles is to allow you to make decisions in advance. And if I’m honest about my personal history, I’m not very good at making decisions, and not very good at making decisions in advance either. I’ve gotten slightly less terrible at it, but I still find myself not fully believing myself when I say something like “I’m going to do this, then I’m going to do that”.

There are a whole bunch of possible statements I think I would be able to agree with, but I’m not sure which would stand out as the guiding principle. Which is most important?

Thinking about my experience in the past couple of years, I think an important thing that I should focus on is expanding the amount of freedom I have. What does that mean? It means I should avoid unnecessary commitments, it means I should move fast instead of slow when I can. There might be a better way of phrasing it. But basically whatever it takes to get out of stasis, out of the death that is living in a shell, in a loop over and over again.

I woke up at 9, rolled around in bed for a while, talked to my wife for a bit, and now I’m out of bed at 10:26 with my laptop trying to write a word vomit. And now I spent 30 mins doing nothing much and not getting the word vomit done. This is what needs to change. I don’t have much of a problem with the rolling around bit, but I should be writing a vomit as quickly and early as I can before my mind gets cluttered with other information that I wasn’t actually interested in.

I suppose that should be one of my principles. I remember reading a quote – people will be offended at being told what to think, but they’re generally fine with being given things to think about. And once you’re in that scenario, you can generally, or at least probablistically be steered to think one way or another. Either way, that’s what’s on your mind. That’s the trap with things like advertising – we don’t get to test the null hypothesis.

I want to really sit in my chair, with my laptop on my lap as it is, at 10:57am, and be here now. Really take in the reality of my experience and how close I was to giving up on this word vomit. If I am to make 2017 the best year yet, I need to be a lot more decisive and intentional.

I wanted to make sense of what a decision is. What is it? The word decide technically means ‘to cut off’. And that’s something I’m definitely very bad at doing. In a way, it seems like most decisions are about decisions to stop doing something, to finish something. To end the current status or setting, so that we might switch to something new. So “deciding to go for a run”, in a sense, is “deciding to cease rest”. Now I’m thinking about the Da Vinci quote – something about motion being created only by the destruction of balance.

I need to destroy the balanced equilibrium that is my way of life so that I might level up, do new things, do better things. I was also thinking that I need to apply my review process (which I currently do every week to make sense of my fitness goals, reading goals, etc) to my work.

11:21am. Wow. It’s so easy to get sidetracked and to lose steam. I should turn off the Internet while I’m writing. I’m going to do that right now. And I’m going to finish this word vomit in the next 4-5 minutes.

Right. So – a systematic breaking of equilibrium. Of re-evaluation. Of decisions. The point is to return to the center again whenever mistakes have been made, as long as there is space to continue. Let’s get meta within the context of this word vomit. I was hoping to be done with it before 11am, and then 11:10, 11:20, and now before 11:30. At what point do I give up? I think 11:30 was pretty close to my give-up point because I need to send an update for work and I want to get to office in time for lunch.

But how do I make it such that I get my stuff done by 11, so that I can leave 30 minutes early and feel nice and comfortable? That’s the million dollar question. If I can solve that, I can improve my quality of life dramatically by just making better decisions. What if I had gotten out of bed at 9, done my word vomit by 930, and left the house by 10 am? That would’ve been beautiful. What if I was fast asleep by 11pm instead of 1am, and woke up at 6 or 7am instead, and was done by 730? Then I would have had time to go for a run, or do some squats. My hamstrings are still quite sore from deadlifts though, so probably not.

I have made a lot of grand promises and gestures over the past decade, and most of them have not worked out. So I know that I cannot grand-promise my way out of it. I cannot spend my time and energy looking forward indefinitely. I DO have plans – I’ve had them for years. The thing is not to focus on the long-term but to focus on what I’m doing right now in service of that long-term goal. It’s not necessarily short-sighted to focus on the present. I think there’s a limiting belief there that I need to correct. Something about the distinction between being long-sighted and short-sighted. I’d like to think that I’m long-sighted but I’m really short-sighted, and I’ve been avoiding things that I think are short-sighted but would actually help me achieve my long-term goals. It’s all about each boring brick, one by one.

Wow we’re still not done. See, I chronically underestimate things. I underestimate how long it takes to write a word vomit. I overestimate how much time I have. I underestimate how much time I spend when I get distracted by things. I overestimate my capacity to do things. I need to write these things down in more concrete, examinable terms and then really internalise what that means to me. I’ve been navigating using flawed instruments that have consistent, systematic errors about them. So they’ve been leading me away from my destination, reliably.

Let’s recap. I need to make better decisions. I need to make decisions faster. This is so that I can achieve my goal of being more free. Freedom has a price. It’s worth paying. I need to redo my assessments of my own effectiveness and efficiency. I need to do this every single day so that I develop it. It’s like a muscle. I have to use it over and over so that it becomes a thing. I have to write on my whiteboard that this is a thing. I have to set reminders so that this is a thing. I cannot drop this now, I have come too far, I have spent too much time for me to mess this up again. I have faith. But I gotta verify.

I'm on the train now, I'm on the way to work. I'm still a littitle bit mindblown at how long it took me to write that last word vomit and how it delayed the start of my day. I need to hold these things very vividly in my mind. I need to make it a point to turn off the WiFi whenever I'm writing a word vomit.

Now I'm on the train. I'm on the train for around two hours every single work day. I should be spending this time as productively as I can. nobody will hold it against me if if decide to spend it talking to people or playing silly games. but then I would be wasting a great oppurtunity to do a lot of writing. if I could ab test my life I'm pretty sure it would be clear that writing during my commutes would be a great idea. it would mean that I get almost two word vomits done a day. that would guarantee that finish my word vomit project before the end of 2017. hopefully I'll be done before I turn 27. that would be a nice birthday present to give to myself. a million words. take it and go run. run into the future.

So I'm still thinking about principles and decisions. what do I choose to do during my commutes? I typically choose to spend it on social media- twitter and Facebook and reddit. catching up on what other people are saying. what other people find funny or interesting or entertaining or outrageous. and I know from experience- wrote about this extensively in 2013- that this might SEEM relaxing, but it's actually a whole new anxiety. I might actually be better off just meditating during my commutes, breathing as deeply as I can.

Thinking again about Cal Newport. An interesting life doesn't come from endless introspection. I agree. I know I set out with this writing project with some introspection in mind, but the point also was to exhaust myself. to empty my tank and see what happened next. I think I need to start writing for the public again. I've surely said this before. the mistake I'm making is that I keep thinking everything neefs to be incredibly epic. I can break it down into littler steps. thats how books get written, bit by bit.

I have spent so much time in Singapore's trains now at this point. 2 hours a day. 10 hours a week. let's say it's 8 hours a week. that's a full day every 3 weeks. a week in 21. a month in 21 months, then. 12 months in a year. I've been working almost 4 years. so I've spent over 2 months in transit.

Okay now I’m in office, and it’s 130pm, and this commute vomit is only half complete. As I recall – I started the vomit around Khatib or YCK, and switched out at points here and there. That’s 500 words. I think 1,000 words in the commute is possible, but I have to start the moment I get the chance, and I have to avoid being distracted by random things.

I think it’s possible. I want to make it a priority. I want to make it a thing that I work on.

And now here I am, with 450 words left to go, and work to do. What do I do now? I guess I just gotta keep chugging with stream of consciousness stuff. Let’s zoom back to see what the original intent of this post was. Oh, I was exploring how strange it was that I wasn’t writing more word vomits. That I wasn’t writing more. That I wasn’t making the decision to write. That I didn’t finish what I started – when I look through my evernote, it’s clear that I often start things without finishing them. I think there’s a tactic or skill to be developed there – whenever I’m going to abandon something, I should first write a couple of lines of notes to myself for what I was thinking about and why I abandoned it. Notes to my future self who’ll eventually rediscover it and then have to figure out what to do with it. It’s like commenting in your code!

I was thinking this morning about doing pushups. About how I will have to do as many pushups as possible for my IPPT physical proficiency test, and how I have been putting off doing pushups I suppose because I know that it will be uncomfortable. I know that I can comfortably do 5, maybe 10, and it gets uncomfortable and frustrating when I get up to around 15-20. My goal is to do 50, but I haven’t been making progress because I’ve been hesitant to get started at all. Hey, I could do 5 pushups right now. I’ma do them.

It’s 10:36pm and I’m in bed. My cat is next to me. I want to be asleep by 11pm. So I have 24 minutes to finish this vomit and another one that I have half-written. And then I want to reflect really quickly about my work day, and then I want to go to sleep.

What’s the central idea in this word vomit? The point I’m trying to remind myself of here is how I still fundamentally misunderstand the nature of how things get done. I need to unlearn and re-learn what it means to have productive moments – how to get stuff done before going to sleep, how to get stuff done after waking up, how to get stuff done at work. I need to be a lot better at managing my time, and I’ve said that a lot but I haven’t made progress I think because I haven’t paid attention to it at a micro-level enough. I need to examine my time much more closely. What gets measured gets managed, right? Micromanage your time, Visa.
I’m taking a week off from work next week (today’s Saturday). I want to spend that time really getting to know myself better. Cleaning out my brain-closet. Throwing out whatever is no longer relevant. Saying thank you and farewell if necessary. Tidying up whatever remains, and figuring out how to make the most of what I have left.

I want to live a good life and die happy. To do that, I need to earn my own respect. To do that, I need to face my fears and do difficult, challenging things. I need to break out of the box that I was born into and raised in, and become as much of a free agent as I possibly can. To do that, I have to correct the bottlenecks that are currently limiting me. My #1 bottleneck is sleep. When I don’t sleep enough, I am unable to function effectively. Some people can do it. I can’t. I have years of experience telling me so. Enough so that my new years’ resolution from 3 years ago was to sleep better. Well, the past 3 years haven’t been great for me sleep wise. So it’s 10:34pm now, and I’m in bed, and I’m going to switch off the lights and sleep the moment this word vomit is done.

Once I can consistently sleep well – and the important thing there is to make it a priority the moment I get home from work, or the moment I have dinner – I think my next biggest bottleneck is mindfulness. Even when I sleep well I still sleepwalk through my days, reacting to random stimuli. That doesn’t cut it. Again, I have years of evidence that prove that being reactive is suboptimal. I need to be proactive instead. To be proactive I need to properly set aside time for reflection, evaluation, planning. I have been keeping up a weekly habit of reflection so far. It’s doing okay. But to do better I need to zoom in on the specifics. Particularly my daily calendar and the tasks I do on a day to day basis. To make a dent in this I need to have a clearer routine in the morning when I wake up, and again when I get to office. I need to be precise about these things before I start replying to emails, opening up a bunch of tabs. I need to spend more time offline so that I can be more effective in the time that I do spend online, working.

I also need to learn to enjoy doing one thing at a time. Right now I still have a bunch of tabs open. I’m going to take a few seconds to close everything else… alright, that’s done. Now I have everything closed except this single Evernote window that I’m typing in. Doesn’t that feel good? It does. It feels good to focus on a single thing. I’ve turned off my Wifi so I’m not going to get any notifications, and I’m not going to be able to Cmd+Tab into chrome and then open up Facebook or Reddit or anything else. That’s another habit that I need to change. I need to get into the habit of really focusing hard on one single thing at a time – mono tasking – and then get my pleasure from completing each single thing one at a time. And then I need to build chains of these completed tasks. That would make me much, much more effective at a faster rate that I can even imagine right now. But it starts with one thing. As Steve Vai said, your success at a thing is a function of how well you were able to focus on it.

I was reading an essay by Charlie Munger earlier (summarized/notes at visakanv.com/blog/munger) and he has this bit about how it’s natural for humans to use approximations and shortcuts rather than rigorous thinking. And doing that is like being a one-legged man in an ass-kicking contest, it guarantees that everyone else will take advantage of you. (Here I’m thinking about banks in particular, with their credit card shilling and their interest rates and so on, and also just consumerism in general.) He also used a great analogy about how “just winging it” is like playing golf by just swinging in a ‘natural’ way. If you want to realise your full potential as a golfer, you’re going to have to break down your swing – your grip, your posture, the twist of the waist and so on. A proper golfer swing is very ‘unnatural’ in the sense that you won’t get it just by throwing yourself into it. You have to break it down piece by piece by piece. And so it is with guitar, too. Deliberate practice comes to mind.

I find myself thinking about something else now – I was listening I think to a Tim Ferriss podcast and someone was talking about excellence – how the way we do something is the way we do everything, how it’s important to get the little things right. And I’m reminded of my boss asking me about my personal feelings about punctuality. It’s all connected. My truths might be contained in boxes, but my lackadaisical attitude isn’t – that, somehow, permeates everything I do. My goal in life right now then is to take the isolated truths and then apply them, apply them in such a way – consistently, systematically – that it permeates everything else in my life, and in the process snuffs out the shitty attitude that I still struggle with. It starts with sleeping early. It starts with deciding to do one thing and then doing it. It applies even with little things like deciding to go to buy dinner at 8pm, and then doing it instead of delaying it. I need to respect my own word. My subconscious needs to respect my own word. I might feel like I can do another word vomit after this, but the point is that I wanted to finish one and then go to bed, so it’s important that I do exactly that. So that my subconscious learns that I am to listen to myself when I say that I’m going to do something.

Well, we’re done here. Now to go to bed. See you tomorrow.

What are the magic adulthood powers?

# Monotasking

This means doing the thing that you’re supposed to do, and tuning out everything else. A problem I’ve always had is doing tonnes of different things all at once, and then ultimately never getting anything done at all. In the short run it can seem like it’s a way of optimising for things – when you don’t know what the most important thing is, you do a bunch of things and hope that you learn something along the way.

By that I mean – along the way you learn what’s the most important thing, maybe there are some surprises, maybe there are some shortcuts, you don’t know and so you open a few things. It’s like listening to music while watching a video on Facebook with subtitles on and talking to a couple of friends all at the same time – you can’t do this for any meaningful work. You need to focus. And focus is something that you need to train.

# Prioritising

You need to pick something. If you have a bunch of things to do, the worst thing to do is to dither between all of them and then do nothing. You have to quickly devise a system of deciding what to do, and then start doing it. This is a sort of fractal thing. OODA loops, I suppose. You want to observe what you have ahead of you – how big is the landscape or context that you’re operating in? If it’s small (relative to you and your ability and so on), you might want to just get started straight away and reevaluate after some amount of time. If it’s massive, you may want to do a quick scan to figure out if it’s worth figuring out in greater detail, if you know what I mean.

It’s like… I mean, think about how sometimes your computer is a bit dumb when it comes to say, deleting tonnes of stuff. My wife tried deleting some Time Machine stuff a while ago and the computer just kept counting files until it was in the 500,000 files range. That’s silly, isn’t it? At that point the computer should realise that it’s probably smarter to batch the problem. Yeah. So you have to figure out if the thing you’re doing requires batching. I suppose this is where the various sorting algorithms come into play. Once you cross certain sizes, it starts making sense to figure out if there’s a superior sorting algorithm. But you never want to spend too much time on a sorting algorithm either, because the one thing you know is that you don’t have infinite time. You’re going to die eventually.

Here’s a funny meta moment – why am I here, in this document, writing this? I’m in the middle of a bigger project where I’m trying to tidy up my evernote. Most of it has been touch and go – add a comment, add a note, delete or transfer to an appropriate context. A sort of global sort. And then I found this note, which had 4 points: mono tasking, prioritising, saying no, putting yourself first. And I thought hey, let’s develop this. And so I started writing. And after making a bit of progress on the first point, I jumped to point number 4. Build that a little, then jumped to point 2, and here I am. There’s a sort of sorting algorithm taking place right now, as I decide what to write, how to spend my time. I’m going to publish this one as a word vomit.

# Saying no

I wonder if this is distributed differently for different people. I never really learned to say no. As a child, you don’t really get to say no to your family and to your teachers and whatnot. I think very young children get to do it with their parents, but I don’t remember that phase of my life. After that your life isn’t really yours for a while – you have to go to school, you have to do as you’re told. Elliott Hulse has a great video about this that bears watching.

This ends once you’re an adult, but I still don’t fully appreciate it. I don’t appreciate that I can say no to my wife, to my colleagues, to my boss. I mean, there’s always a cost to the no, as there was even when you’re a kid. But saying no is the single fastest way to cut things out of your life and make your life simpler. I’m saying no to staying up all night. I’m saying no to staying up past this word vomit. I’m going to publish this once I finish these few sentences, and then I’m going to wrap up and start winding down for bed because Sleep is my #1 priority.

# Putting yourself first

It’s hard to know how you’re doing. You have to really listen to your body. I’ve always been surprised by people who seem to know when exactly they’re tired, when exactly they’re hungry, when exactly they’re beginning to get burned out and so on. I’ve always felt like a fraud on all of these things. When I’m running, how do I know if the discomfort I’m feeling is the natural discomfort of doing something physical, or if it’s something that’s going to cause me pain? Yeah, excruciating pain is obvious, but what about a dull ache? At what point does a dull ache go too far? I’ve heard from people who say that it’s all in the mind and that the body can take a lot more punishment than you think. I completed a 21km half-marathon without training once. I had to walk about half of it, but I still passed the finishing line – there were several actual runners in their proper marathon running gear and whatnot who had to drop out and be transported to the finish by a van. Maybe they wanted a good time, pushed themselves too hard, and then decided that finishing wasn’t a priority? I don’t know, I wonder.

Anyway so I’m learning that it’s important to put yourself first – particularly your health. Your physical health, your mental health, your well-being. The thing is I used to spend all my time playing video games and random nonsense, surfing the web and so on. Was that healthy or unhealthy? Smoking is obviously unhealthy but sometimes it seems like a useful tool for managing my psychology. You could say that that’s just the addiction talking, but people do that sort of thing with all kinds of things. It’s clear that ultimately most people are just full of shit, and the only people you can really trust about this sort of thing are the high-performance folks – and even then you have to ask if it’s the sort of high-performance you want. Kobe Bryant said that being the #1 basketballer was his #1 thing, and as a result he had to sacrifice relationships with other people. He’s an okay friend, but he’s not to going to remember birthdays and things like that.

This goes back to priorities. What’s most important to you? And this is something you have to figure out for yourself. You can’t outsource this to a parent or a spouse or a teacher or a boss. You have to figure out what’s most important to you, decide that it’s something you’re going to be able to live with – e.g. if family comes first then you’re going to have to live with that decision when you make some choices that maybe means not being #1 at work. You can’t do it and then whine about it later on.

I wonder how much people avoid making decisions so that they can reserve the right to bitch and whine about it later on, at the bar, with all the other sympathetic people who want to bitch and whine too. Must be a disturbing number of people. See: any comments section. Anyway, sleep is #1 for me so it’s time for bed.

Before I go though – what are some of the other magic adulting powers?

7 Habits come to mind –

being proactive,
making plans ahead of time, preparing in advance.
Doing the homework when it's painful and boring (buying life insurance, doing the savings stuff, figuring out compound interest and investments). Identifying good people and
investing in good relationships
Taking time off
Sharpening your saw / working on your big picture system
cause-and-effect / desired-end-state thinking
working backwards from your desired end-state
taking care of your body/mind

So here’s a bug in my mind that I’ve noticed. Very often when I’m bored or stuck or lost, I end up trawling the internet to pass the time. Maybe a part of me hopes that I’ll find some sort of inspiration or stimuli, but historically that doesn’t work out so well for me.

More often then not, something random catches my attention and I get involved in that. It might be something on /r/singapore, or on reddit at large, or something on Twitter or Facebook.

If it’s something that one of my friends is involved in, then it makes a little bit of sense to participate because it’s sort of a way of investing in that social relation. (But even that that’s a rather… weak way of doing things – but let’s leave that for now.)

But what totally doesn’t make sense is when it’s just a bunch of strangers talking or arguing about something or another. Then it really doesn’t make sense to get involved. But I do. I enjoy pointing out the mistakes in other people’s thinking, the assumptions that they’ve made, so on and so forth.

Why do I do this?

It’s cheap. It’s fun. It’s addictive. There’s no cost. I get this fake stimulation from getting Likes or upvotes when I get it right. I rationalise it as me getting better at the game of discourse, and I tell myself, “Oh, it’ll benefit me somewhere down the line when I eventually write essays or novels about this sort of thing.” Which might be true, maybe, but it’s definitely a suboptimal way of doing things. I shouldn’t be doing these things unless I deliberately want to. I have on occasion spent hours on such things. Worst of all is when I get angry and frustrated and invested in some internet argument with some stranger who doesn’t have anything to do with my life, at the expense of the things that I know actually matter to me.

Now – one way to approach this would be to try to stop doing it altogether. I’ve done that in the past by going cold turkey on social media, and I do recall that it felt pretty good.

Another thing I’ve been thinking though, is – why don’t I apply this sort of rigorous troubleshooting to myself, to my own mind? Why am I not questioning myself, evaluating my daily habits and routines, and so on? I do it in these word vomits a little bit from time to time, but it’s pretty obvious to me that I really ought to make it a bigger part of my life. I ought to be almost constantly troubleshooting myself, becoming a better, stronger version of myself that makes fewer mistakes, that moves faster. I want to refashion myself into Visa Prime, over and over again.

How do I do it? I know I have this body of work – these word vomits. I have over 600 of them. What do I do about them? Why don’t I spend more time re-reading them? It’s a little daunting, I suppose. How do I get myself to start reading them more regularly? Should I start from the start? God, that sounds boring and tedious. I’ve read the first few vomits over and over again, and I know they’re pretty crappy. I should start somewhere in the middle. I should start at, say, 200, or 300. I printed out a whole bunch of them a long time ago – I think I have bound copies of word vomits 1-500, or 1-550. I read the first few. I had some grand idea at some point of taking them all apart and moving them around, connecting the dots, putting the similar ones together. But I don’t have the right energy for that. And I suppose I’m not super clear what the final end state is supposed to be.

It’s tough to do something without a clear sense of what you’re doing it for. I think it doesn’t need to be like this grand larger vision with this epic payoff – I just need smaller, simpler reasons to revisit old word vomits and connect the dots. And I need to do it a little bit at a time, rather than pretend that I’m going to someday have this amazing productive day where it all comes together. I already know that’s a myth. Work needs to be done in the trenches of everyday life.

I’ve been on leave from work for a week and a half. Tomorrow’s my last day of leave, and then I’m going back to work. I think I had this vague intention of having this ‘personal productive week’ where I’d read and write a lot, and get all sorts of little niggling tasks done. I did very little of that. I spent most of it just decompressing. I spent hours playing video games. I don’t feel too guilty about that, I feel like it soothed me, calmed me down. I was having lunch a couple of days ago and I found myself just smiling and feeling really chill in the moment. I last felt that way when I was on holiday over a year ago, and prior to that I think I last felt that way when I had just completed national service.

A part of me wonders if – if I had another week off, or a month, would I start getting more productive after the ‘decompression’ phase is over? Or would I turn into a slob that didn’t get anything done? I’m guessing I’d have gotten a bit slobby. That’s a rather sad thought. I’m 26 years old (I keep thinking that I’m already 27, which is funny because when I was younger I’d often feel like I was younger than I was.) I need to make more progress in the next year than I have in any of my preceding years. And I believe that I have the capability. I just need to breathe deep and psyche myself up, manage my own psychology and motivations and challenge myself to do better. To break things down into little steps and to do one thing at a time. I have all the information I need, I just need to put it into practice.
I’ve avoided reading too much about Aleppo because I know it would be depressing and frustrating as hell, and I’m probably not going to be able to do very much about it. I’ve seen snippets of it on social media that people are sharing – apparently people are living videos and tweets and messages with their last words, saying goodbyes, asking to be remembered – expecting to be massacred imminently.

It’s pretty crazy to think that there are thousands of people alive right now living with that sort of fear. That they’re about to be slaughtered.

What can the international community do about it, realistically? How many killing fields and holocausts and genocides must Earth witness?

If I were my own grandpa – wise and old and mature and knowledgeable – what would I advise me to do?

The serenity prayer comes to mind. You focus on making the difference that you can actually make. Well, what difference is that? I’m so far from the chaos. My life is a privileged one. I’ve written about my frustrations about living in a box, going from box to tube to box to tube, living a mundane, frustrating cycle of mediocrity – but looking at the fear in the eyes of the Syrians, it’s clear that I live in what they’d consider to be paradise. They’d give anything to be frustrated by the trivial things I get frustrated by.

Am I using them as some sort of feel-good prop now? Fuck, man, what can you do? What’s the way out? What’s the right thing to do?  I’ve avoided posting about this on social media because I think drawing attention to myself in a space like that is not going to help anything. I don’t want to do any overt virtue-signalling – though I suppose if anybody reads this then it will have some of that effect anyway. Well fuck, man. Sometimes things are just messy and there are no clear answers and… life is meaningless and purposeless.

What would Obama say? What would Admiral McRaven say? I Googled it and news headlines say Obama is ‘deeply concerned’. Everybody’s goddamn deeply concerned about everything. And I’m sure they’re good people with good intentions and good wishes. Nobody wants innocent little girls to be bombed to death, to be screaming and running in fear. Right? Does anybody wish that on the young daughters of their enemies?

I’m thinking now about the quiet that came over a group of friends at a void deck when we learned about a friend’s father’s cancer. Everyone just got really somber and morose and spoked in hushed tones – even long after the friend had left the area. What were we doing? It didn’t feel like we were helping with the situation. We were really just soothing ourselves. That’s what we do, don’t we, humans? Self-sooth. Everything is self-soothing. Everything is to make ourselves feel better about ourselves one way or another. Rationalisation, sour grapes.

I wonder if I can ever become somebody significant enough to actually have anything meaningful to say or do about future crises like Aleppo. And now I’m thinking about all the other crises that have happened – Orlando, Paris, all the outpouring of concerns and prayers and thoughts, all the hashtags and profile pictures and sad statuses. What difference does any of it make? Shouldn’t we know by now? Do we care? Does it matter?

I suppose this is my way of trying to troubleshoot my own philosophy, my own view of the world. Should I be concerned or should I not? Should I be a selfish prick that’s only focused on my immediate surroundings? And is that really a selfish thing to do, actually? What if that focus helps me be achieve more, make more of a difference to myself and those around me? Would it be worth it then? If I inspire my peers and my family and challenge them to be better? Then maybe we could do more. I’ve noticed in the leadup to the 2016 elections that many of the people who I thought were much more accomplished or influential were still wringing their hands just as I would’ve if it were directly relevant to me. How much time and energy have I spent following the American elections – does it really matter? Do I really need to care? No, I just need to be anti fragile to all of it as much as I can, and then just do what I like.

Well – Taleb talks quite a bit about honor himself. I don’t know what honour is. I don’t know if I can be an honourable man. I think I should try, but I don’t want it to be because I want some sort of shallow virtue signalling BS. It should be for myself. I suppose I should slow down, breathe deep and feel in my heart what I really want. I don’t think neurotically thinking about it is going to make a difference.

Either way, the song always ends the same. I have to finish this vomit, shower and go to bed, wake up early and start the day strong. Tonight’s the last night of my leave, tomorrow I have to get back to work. Start filling out spreadsheets, looking at data, writing blogposts, reply to emails, schedule posts, publish, think, plan, followup. A part of me wishes I could stay on leave for longer, but another part of me knows that that probably wouldn’t help. I’ve gotten the benefit of decompression that I wanted. So right now all I need to do is just get to bed, sleep well, wake up early, shower, be fresh and leave home. Then when I get to work I have to start breaking things down into pieces and get them done.

I have to believe in myself. I don’t want to play catch-up anymore. I want to be proactive. I want to be a better version of myself. I might not be able to save the kids in Aleppo, but I can at least do right by myself, and hopefully then move on to seriously helping others.

And so we begin another trip around the sun, as collectively agreed upon. It’s a new day of a new year in social reality. So be it. It feels like a time to start over. A time to lick our wounds and to regroup and start over in various ways.

There’s a common sort of cynicism around new years. That you shouldn’t bother making new year’s resolutions, because it’s well known that people simply don’t keep to them. That you shouldn’t make grand proclamations, that this moment will pass and everything will return to normal.

I don’t want to return to normal. I don’t want business as usual. I want to grow up, I want to break free from the prison of my existing behaviours, habits, patterns of thought, beliefs and so on.

What do I have to do to make that a reality?

I think meditation is an important thing that I need to do more of. I think the idea I have of meditation is that it’s simply sitting still for a while, which seems kind of indulgent, kind of silly, kind of pointless. But it’s really about tuning the instruments of your mind and body, about coming to a stillness, about cultivating focus and presence. That’s important. And so I’m going to try and meditate every day.

Exercise is another important thing I need to do more of. Our lifestyles are designed and chosen for us, and a big part of that for me is being stuck in shitty commutes, of living in boxes, and of sitting in chairs for hours at a time. That’s not good for my body, and by extension that’s not good for my mind, it’s not good for me. Exercise is a powerful way of rebelling against all of that. I’m thinking now about how Jessie Graff exercises in between her work – doing pushups, doing pull-ups and so on. The only thing stopping me from doing the same is my mind. I have made some decent progress in the past year. I can now bench press 60kg, I can squat more than that (I managed to squat 90kg once, but I’m not sure if I can do it again right now – I’m a little worried about my knees). I deadlifted 110kg, though it revealed the limitations of my grip strength. My running competence is still woefully bad. I need to recognise that I can squeeze in a bench press workout into just 15 minutes, and that a run can take about 30-45 minutes or so. I really just need to make time for this stuff every day. It’s important in the same way meditation is – an act of rebellion against the mediocre life that is designed for me.

Writing is equally important, which is why I’m doing it now. A part of me wanted to defer writing this so that I could get it right, but I know that done is better than perfect and that deferring things means they never ever get done.

Chores and errands and obligations. I cleaned my windows a couple of days ago, and vacuumed my aircon filters yesterday. I need to move faster at doing those things. I need to recognise that the pain of not doing them is worse than the pain of doing them. I know this intellectually, I just need to move faster in recognising it and doing something about it as quickly as possible.

Decluttering and reviewing. I accumulate junk and nonsense at an alarming rate, and I wait far too long to get rid of it. The best way to reduce junk is to refuse to take it in. The second part is to systematically remove it at a regular interval. Deleting photos daily, weekly. Deleting random digital detritus weekly. Cleaning out my Evernote, cleaning out my Things todo app. Doing weekly reviews to see how I have been doing on these fronts.

I also want to invest more in my marriage. My wife is my favourite person – she is a very smart person and someone I’d like to have a stronger, deeper relationship with. This means spending more time together, scheduling dates in advance.

I want to make more time for friends. This means talking to more people, it means organising house parties (or ‘unparties’), inviting people ahead of time, figuring out what to do with regards to food and so on. I’d like to have at least one event each month this year that I can look forward to, and then look back on as something special that I appreciated.

There is no more time to waste. I’ll be turning 27 this year, which is also the age that Kurt Cobain, Amy Winehouse, Jimi Hendrix and a bunch of others never made it past. I will be making it to 28 and beyond. I will grow in strength and power and focus, in gratitude and kindness and love and warmth. I will be more understanding. I will seek to understand before asserting myself. I will reflect more. I will write more regularly. I will put myself first, as an act of self-love that’s intended to allow me to be better for the other people and things in my life that matter to me.

I will approach 2017 in a more granular, systematic way than any previous year of my life. I will take each month as it comes, break it down, set goals and targets, blaze through my todo lists, set aside time for recovery and detoxing. I will read at least one good book a month. I will go through my library periodically and remove things that no longer interest me, that feel like an unnecessary burden. I will get better at understanding food, and how it fuels me. I will get stronger physically and gain more muscle mass. I will let go of anger and frustration towards others, and accept that the world doesn’t owe me anything. I will disengage from pointless arguments and drama online, because it doesn’t help me build the life for myself that I want.

It’s interesting to contemplate the effect that families have on individuals. I’m born to a Hindu tamil family in Singapore, which culturally sits at an interesting exchange point between East and West. It’s become pretty clear to me that the concept of the individual as an autonomous unit is a fairly recent construction, maybe a few hundred years old at best, and not at all ubiquitous. For most of human history most humans must have lived in small groups with incredibly close ties. Groups of 10, 20, 50, up to 150, with everybody working together with others. There would be conflicts and tensions and difficulties, of course, and maybe sometimes people would hurt each other, kill each other and so on – but the group identity was a very strong one. We’re still incredibly tribal in many different ways, but it seems to be much more diffused now.

A lot of the frustrations of modern life in a place like Singapore, I think (and maybe this is generalisable to the experience of modern Asians around the world, or some other group of people) is that young people think and feel very differently from their parents and grand parents. I’m sure there’s a ton of nuance that I’m missing, and things like class and race and gender modify the picture tremendously – so much so that it’s very hard to generalise. But what I’m trying to get at is – life is annoying and frustrating because different people want different things and see the world in different ways.

Everything is incredibly fragmented. We can’t all agree on much – we agree for instance that violence is generally bad, that murder is wrong (but the death penalty is fine I guess?), that charity is good (probably), that infidelity is bad (why though)… so scratch that, it’s a miracle that anything actually works or happens considering how much people disagree on everything. On taxation, on welfare, on the role of government. On the utility of regulations and restrictions. And most of us just keep within the lines that are drawn for us so we don’t worry too much about it. I find myself thinking now about how difficult life is for LGBT folks because they’re so ignored in the eyes of the law – they aren’t allowed to get married and buy subsidised housing the way straight Singaporeans are. They aren’t allowed to be Next-of-Kin to see their dying partners in hospital. It’s so sad. And yet there are probably hundreds of thousands of people in Singapore who think that LGBT folks are less than human, are somehow filthy, immoral. What a hideous mess, and what a tremendous amount of pain.

But even say, straight women. A young modern woman in Singapore who wants to live her own life on her own terms, date who she wants, sleep with who she wants, pursue the education she wants, get married or not, have children or not, dress how she likes – all of those things are incredibly difficult to do because of the tremendous amount of pressure she’ll face from family and society and peers and so on. And you can ask, how do you know what you want, anyway? How much of what we want is programmed into us? Or rather, more subtly, how much of it is influenced by conditions that were controlled for us without our consent?

That’s so much of life. I remember thinking about how ‘wrong’ it is to have pets at all, in a sense, because you’re forcing these animals to live in your home or household, to be dependent on you for food, and there’s just this ugly stockholm syndrome thing going on. But we’ve domesticated these animals and they’ve grown dependent on us – they wouldn’t be able to survive in the wild any more, if the wild even exists any more. If you care about animals, you could spend your whole life just trying to make sure that strays get sterilised, that animals get adopted rather than put down, and that’s just a never-ending problem that’s probably not going to get solved in our lifetime.

And if you’re willing to concede that as humans we’re probably wired to care more about humans than animals (even this is debatable; we tend to care about our in-group and sometimes think about our out-groups as less-than-human, worse-than-animals), then you have to start thinking about all the people in the world who don’t have access to clean water, who don’t have access to education, who experience a tremendous amount of violence, who get killed in drug wars, who suffer from the legacy of slavery and racism, who are killed by mosquitos. The poor and the broken are systematically getting fucked over just as they always have, and this too is a problem that we’re probably not going to see solved in our lifetimes unless everybody decided to get up and do something about it. But there’s a prisoner’s dilemma there – people would join something if it were massive, but it wouldn’t get massive unless enough people started something, and few people start anything at all because it’s too small to make a difference. We’re left depending on the renegade iconoclast types, which has its own cost.

Anyway I pursued this train of thought just to point out how messy and broken everything is, and how much pain and suffering there is everywhere. Syria, most recently – something that most of us can’t realistically do very much about. And if we thought something like, oh, we should do something when we see people suffering - well, what about all the suffering happening around us all the time? Friends, family? There is a tremendous amount of suffering even in the seemingly pleasant and happy middle-class existence, I truly believe this. Most of us struggle to be honest with one another and with our families. Can we ever truly be at peace? Does it require withdrawing inwards into ourselves and getting all detached and transcendent? Do we take solace in the fact that ultimately we’re all tracings in the sand, and everything gets washed away?

The most we can do is our best. So what’s the best that I can do, and how do I get to that state, and what does it look like? It requires me formulating a new view of myself, a view of my world, and a plan of action, a way of seeing, a way of being, a way of relating to others. This is a project that goes on until death. If there is to be even a glimpse of defragmentation, of coherence and consolidation, it has to begin within the individual.

In the previous vomit I talked about the fragmentation of all things, particularly social fragmentation. It was triggered by me paying attention to what people chose to talk about at a family gathering for new year’s eve. So much of the conversation was superficial – which isn’t intrinsically a bad thing, I don’t want to be someone who acts all superior because he thinks other people are being stupidly superficial. By that I mean – people were talking about the shirts they were wearing, what somebody else said about somebody else, and then, as the beers went on, started talking about politics and life experiences in the past. About the price of beer, about the injustice of some law or other, about perceived slights from other people, about things like cars and house gates and toilets and money.

And yet there’s this whole class of topic that never quite gets raised. How are you feeling? How is life? What are you stressed about, what are you afraid of? What are you hurt by, what are you angry about? When I look back on my life, there are few things I cherish more than the conversations I’ve had about those things with my close friends. And I’m not sure I’ve ever really had those conversations with family.

I think when family gets really close, and it’s really late, and people are tired and have been drinking, they start talking about their pain. They talk about how unfair and cruel grandpa was, and how selfish, how destructive, and how they kept quiet through it all, wiped their tears and held it together. How grandma didn’t do anything about it – how she kept silent while her children despaired. They talk about how they had to struggle with being broke, or with not being able to do what their friends were doing, and so on.

And everybody pitches in and contributes their own story – your grandpa did those bad things, I’m so sorry you had to deal with that, but my grandpa did THESE bad things, and I still have the scars – on my back, on my face, in my heart, in my soul. It affects the way I relate to people. It affects the way I think about money. It explains my periodic alcoholism and why I’m terrified of looking at my bills. And there is some amount of catharsis in all of that, when all the grandkids gather around and go, wow, I didn’t know you had been through so much. I didn’t know granddad was such an asshole.

Granddad, of course, if he could still talk, would tell you how shitty HIS parents were, and how proud he was of all the ways in which he managed to transcend them. How they beat him and tortured him, and how he was mercilessly mocked and ridiculed by the world around him. Grandpa was villainous, but he was a banal sort of villain. He was an insecure tyrant, who was bullied and insulted and belittled in countless ways, and he was incredibly resentful and hurt. A scared little boy thirsting for validation and triumph that would never be his, because he was never able to get past his incredibly constricted view of reality, his hurt ego. He saw himself as a victim, not a villain. But this victim’s hurt lives on in the shallow breathing and furtive glances of his grandkids. Grandpa has all sorts of rationalisations as to why he’s a good man, why he’s the victim and hero of his story.

Anyway, it’s not like you can do anything for grandpa any more. He’s old and dying and bedridden, and everyone does have a couple of good memories of him, when he was smiling and laughing and smart and helping them learn to ride a bicycle, buying them ice cream, swearing at the television while watching football, multiple cans of beer crushed on the coffee table in front of him.

We all live in the shadows of our ancestors. I wonder – there are so many Asians who practice some form of ancestor worship, of respecting their elders. How many elders were truly worthy of respect, and how many weren’t? How do you bring yourself to light a candle for grandpa, the dictator-tyrant at the head of the household? How do you resist the impulse to desecrate his grave, and to erase his name from your lips?

I suppose it has to do with a broader sort of social conditioning. Because grandpa, for all his vitriol and performed independence, was utterly at the mercy of what other people thought. He soared and crumbled at the praise and slights of others. And you, being grandpa’s progeny, you are no different. You too are afraid of what other people will think; and because conversations typically happen in a very limited space - comparing accomplishments, comparing holiday photos, comparing wedding announcements and baby celebrations, you too live in this odd vortex that you never chose. Unless you decide otherwise.

What happens after that? I can only speculate. But surely we are not the first to think about this. Surely there are others. This is what people write award-winning books about; tracing their fingers over their history and then moving forward into the future. You know, great-grandpa came to Singapore with tremendous fear and uncertainty. You can see him all around you today, we call him ‘bangla’ and ‘apunehneh’. He knew what it meant to try and strive forward, even when it meant leaving home, leaving every one you knew, every thing you knew, and entering a space that didn’t belong to you, that wasn’t designed for you, one where you were destined to be a second-class citizen, either to be ignored or spat on. And you look at all the grandpas-to-be around you, cutting trees and drilling holes and building the Starbucks where you’ll reflect about your middle-class-guilt as you sip your overpriced latte.

All you can do is move forward. All you can do is try better. All you can do is let go.
Teenage spaces – stairwells, liminal spaces. Places to hang out, be themselves. Kids are not allowed to make too much noise at void decks, in case they are a public nuisance. But okay, then where are kids supposed to hang out? Where are they supposed to grow and develop beyond who they are in their families, in their schools?

What about me? Where did I grow up? I find myself thinking about the local music scene. Recently I caught myself using an analogy from there to think about what frustrates me about the modern media landscape. What happens in the local music scene is this – a group of people come together, some form bands, some are audience members, and everyone participates for a few years. After a while, some bands wind down and break up or just go on indefinite hiatus because they got weary of it all. And then new bands take their place. And this happens over and over again. What I find frustrating is how little self-referencing the scene as a whole does. People reinvent the wheel, and have to re-learn almost everything from scratch. There are a few veterans who persist (the old-time music engineers and equipment providers are the real heroes), but most people don’t seem very interested in the history of the scene as a whole. What I think should happen is – more people should reference the music of the past. They should do covers of artists from 10, 20, 30, 40 years ago. This gives the music a depth and continuity that it wouldn’t otherwise have, and it draws in old fans out of the woodwork. It would allow the scene to grow. Alas, this doesn’t really happen. Everyone’s kind of focused on the short-term. When they leave, they don’t leave very much behind. This is beginning to change a little bit I think because YouTube, etc are much more enduring mediums than CDs, but my frustration is with artists who don’t look back. There should at least be some.

Similarly, my frustration with the media landscape at large is this sort of ahistoricity. Apart from the occasional writer who writes a book and digs into a ton of research review and such (and these people do a great service to the rest of us), most people seem to reinvent the wheel over and over again. It’s a real shame, IMHO. It makes discussions unnecessarily superficial and speculative. We can learn so much just from studying the history of such discussions. We don’t need to go through the same argument all the way through, with all the false turns and dead ends. But that’s what people do most of the time.

This is what I’m trying to do with my word vomit project, and with my bookmarks and the blogposts that I’ve been sitting on for a long time about the internet and race and gender and whatnot. In essence I suppose I’m holding these as potential book projects, because it’s a lot more work than one would expect from a blogpost. I should probably revisit and reimagine how I think about these things. Because I’m not going to find the time to sit down and write entire books from start to finish. So I’m going to have to slice it up, and then connect it all together, and then rely on feedback in order to see what works and what doesn’t.

So that’s what I gotta do with regards to my writing. But I came to this point because I was initially thinking about teenage spaces. And I’m thinking about how teenagers are forced to find all these weird, twisted spaces because the world isn’t designed for them. There might be a few, I suppose – but “designated spot for teenagers” is automatically going to be the most uncool place for any teenager to be, because teenagers are by nature supposed to defy authority.

So I suppose my original line of thinking – “it’s tragic that teenagers have to do all these contortions to find spaces of their own” – is a little misguided itself. Because giving them  designated spaces probably won’t cut it, unless we somehow just leave spaces for them without particularly making a big deal of it. And the furtiveness of teen life kinda helps you appreciate the more earned, paid spaces of adult life. Or does it? How do rich kids feel about it? I’m not sure if there’s a simple answer. Anyway this whole thing was really just a reflection or rumination rather than some sort of serious policy suggestion. It will inform how I raise my own kids, if I have kids. I would encourage them to invite friends over for house parties of their own, and do my best to stay out of their way. I would engage them as much as I can, take them out for ice cream, ask them about life, about their aspirations, about their interests, about their fears.

What does this tell me about what I should do with who I am right now? Well, I should start preparing, even if I don’t have children. The broader point is that people need spaces, people need encouragement, people need hope… and if I weren’t given those things, then I can ‘have’ it for myself by giving it away to others.

A nagging thought though – what if people who are given things don’t appreciate them? The quote comes to mind – hard times create strong men, strong men create good times, good times create weak men, weak men create hard times. Is this inevitable, inescapable? Can you help your children appreciate what they’ve got? I’m sure it’s POSSIBLE, but it requires voluntarily entering hardship. It means bringing your kids to soup kitchens and such, helping them see from day one how lucky they are to have what they have – and not in a preachy, bullshit way, because kids see through preachy bullshit very easily.

I guess the thing about having kids, if you’re serious about it, is that they force you to confront your own bullshit. And you WILL end up bullshitting them about some things in order to keep the peace, as Paul Graham pointed out in his essay about lies we tell kids, and taboos and whatnot. Maybe it’ll be a good habit to keep a list of times you bullshit your kids. At least then you can be conscientious about it, and you can let them know about it when they become adults.

I think my biggest wish for any kids that I might have is that I’d want them to be the sort of people I’d love to hang out with.

I feel a slight increase in mental clarity after finalising my thoughts on a project that I want to work on. I know it seems counter-intuitive that a new project might be mind-clearing – the reason this works is that the project draws upon existing raw material in the junkyard of my mind. It’s kind of like one of those puzzle games where you have to connect the dots – I just figured out a way to get rid of a lot more dots in smart, elegant way that makes sense to me, and so I’m quite proud of that. I don’t want to talk about it explicitly here because I want to keep it separate from myself – I want it to be anonymous. There’s no particular reason why this is the case, I’ve just gotten a little tired from being so public-facing all the time and using my real name and face on every goddamn thing I do, so I think it would be quite refreshing to have the opportunity to write in a place with an ‘anonymous’ voice. That scratches one of many itches.

What are the other itches? Well one of them is that I want to be writing for an audience. My blog used to be for my circle of friends – that became obsolete once Facebook and Instagram (and Snapchat, I suppose) became things. Then it evolved into something to talk about Singaporean news. I got tired of that because I found myself becoming very sensationalist. So I stopped, pulled out, decided to do the 1000wordvomits project. It’s been literally 4 years since I’ve started the project and in that time I’ve only written for myself, and for my company’s blog at work. And of course, probably thousands of comments on reddit and hacker news, and posting on Facebook and Twitter and so on. But none of that scratches the itch I want to scratch – which is to write something that adds up to something big. Yes, the 1000wordvomits project will add up to a million words, which is cool, but it’s not FUNCTIONAL.

What else? Well earlier on the way home from work today I was thinking that I’d really like to do a sort of “Operation Clean Slate”, and really wipe out as many things as I possibly can. I’m sitting in my study now and looking at my thick stack of books and I’m wondering how many of them I’m ever actually seriously ever going to read. Probably less than half. Maybe less than 25%. Why am I keeping so many around? It’s just this weight of obligation that’s a little too much to bear after a while, seriously. And I’m also thinking of all the remaining detritus (this is my new most reused word) that’s lying around – my notebooks from my teenage years. Haven’t I taken pictures of them over and over again? How many times do I have to do that? Why don’t I just get rid of them? I suppose I want to have them kind of represented in some sort of “one touch” format. Meaning… I want to get, at a single glance, all of whatever I wanted to get out of 2010, 2011 and so on. Kind of like a really good summary that’s evocative and makes me think. I think I was overly fixated on making that public-facing, which again isn’t really necessary. I can really just do it right here in Evernote. I could start by having a notebook for each thing, with separate notes for the sub-parts inside it. Once all of those are done, I can get rid of the thing. Then, I can see how I’d like to consolidate the notes. In a sense every book is a sort of book of book of books, in terms of how the information is organised.

Anyway. What net? I need to go to work tomorrow, and so I need to get to bed as soon as possible, and so I need to finish this word vomit as soon as possible. Can I hit upon one more interesting-ish thing to say? Well I’ve been learning while doing my overall reviews that the frustrating thing to see when reviewing old word vomits is multiple topics within a single vomit. Because then I can’t just put it in one or the other – or if I do, I have to decide to downplay one thing or another. Therefore, when writing a word vomit, I should try my best to stick to one topic. What’s the topic here? Heh – my wife is coding up a game of Tetris, and the thing about tetris is you have tetrominoes (beautiful word) that form rows and disappear. And that is what I want. I want things to disappear from my head, from my life. How would I feel if I came home and all my books were just gone? Would I actually be sad? Not really. I can always buy more books if I really want to. In my head I’d like to reduce each book to a note on evernote, or a blogpost. Well it has to be one. I should have a system. And then I can just “digest” everything and never have to revisit the book unless it’s so good that I really want to. Every book should have a sort of scoring system, a sort of comment.

Yeah, that’s another thing I’ve learned while going through my massive trail of vomits. That everything should have a comment for later. That’s how you have decent code, too, right? You’re going to forget what you were up to so you want to remind yourself and leave waypoints and signposts for yourself.

All in all I have a pretty good feeling about 2017, at least so far. I need to break it down quarter by quarter, month by month, week by week. Stay focused. Eliminate things that aren’t necessary. Write the reviews. Do the reading. Get it all done. You can do it, Visa. I believe in you.

I spent an evening out with friends today, and it was a rather pleasant evening. I didn’t exactly learn anything amazing or new, but it was just nice to unwind with people that I don’t see all the time. I do feel a little more relaxed, and it’s just pleasant to see people I guess. I also had Turkish food with my wife, which we enjoyed, and we had a good conversation. I need to make time to do this regularly. I think meeting friends at least about twice a month would probably be a nice-ish tempo. When I look back on my life over the past few years, I think there have been years where I went months and months without breaking the cycle of home-commute-work-commute… and that led to me writing depressing things like ‘a life of quiet desperation’ and ‘a man in a box’.

Well, I don’t want to be a man in a box any more, at least metaphorically. I might still have a commute that I find miserable, but I can change things up to make my life better for myself. I can schedule dates with the wife and go out to eat at interesting places, and we can prepare our own food at home. We can learn to make new dishes that we don’t currently know how to. We can get rid of books that we’re never going to read. We can continue to rearrange the furniture in our home. We can book plane tickets and get out of here, as long as we give our colleagues a bit of notice. Have these things planned and figured out in advance.

I’ve been reading some history on my Kindle, and it’s been interesting. I would like to have a good sense of human history – I was playing a little bit of Civilisation V, and there’s something about being in the middle of it, making the decisions about what to research and develop, and interacting with other historical figures – even in fictitious contexts – that gets me really interested in learning more about actual real life history. I joked once (I’m not sure if I saw this somewhere) that reading history is like binge-watching old seasons of current affairs. And you really have a much better appreciation for what you’re currently going through, and a sense of how incredible and terrible human nature can truly be.

Every vomit needs to have a single clear thesis. This one seems to be about history and time. The directive will be… what, pay attention to your history? Measure your time? Be mindful of what’s happening? Those all seem a little common-sensical. Is there something a little unusual or unexpectedd about how I’m feeling? Well… Id on’t know.

Oh. So about the Turkish dinner I was having with my wife – kebabs and hummus. I was deciding between Subway and that, where Turkish was over twice as expensive, maybe 3-4 times more expensive. But it was worth it. It’s worth spending more at least once a month (and you can actually save by eating simpler the rest of the time), because you create a new memory of a novel experience. And that’s something I think that’s very needed and sorely lacking in my life.

So what I want to do this year is be much, much more intentional about creating experiences that I want to have. I want to have one nice thing to look back on each week, and several things that mark the months. It would be awesome if I could think of one thing that defined each particular month. The expensive way to do this is that pay for whatever is coming to town. Metallica, Guns N Roses, Coldplay… I think I might catch Guns N Roses, maybe. I’ve seen Slash live before but not Axl. But maybe I’ll just save the money instead; that’s like 400+ nice coffees. But would you rather have 400+ nice coffees, or a memory that’ll stay with you for a lifetime? See, these things are actually quantifiable. I wonder if anybody’s done some proper economic research on this – whether spending money on intangibles really leeds to more sustained happens and well-being over a long period of time.

I’m very grateful for my Jaybird X3s, which are a pair of wireless earphones They’re fantastic to have when commuting, and… they’re just fantastic all around. I find myself thinking, what other things in my life have I not been working on, not been doing? I mean – what problems could I be solving that I have been avoiding? A significant part of me still makes decisions like a broke teenager – terrified of spending any money on apps, for instance. I’ve taken the leap a couple of times and spent some money on a couple of apps, and I don’t think I’ve ever regretted doing that.

I’m very, very sleepy when I write this. But it’s important to me that I get it out of the system. I also suppose I shouldd get around to renaming the title. This is day 5 or 6 in a row that I’m publishing a vomit. It’s harder than I thought; but that’s to be expected. If it was as easy as I thought, it would’ve been done a long time ago. I feel a little less silly now. Daily practice is a ritual, it’s something that needs to be tended to, something that you need to sacrifice for. But it should be its own reward. Siting here writing this, I know it’s not the best possible word vomit that could’ve theoretically been written. But it is its own reward. Yes, it is nice to write reams and reams of paper’s worth of work, and publish them. That I’e always fantasised about. But the part that’s really magical is the feeling when you’e been working. It’s a sort of liveliness from within, even if you’re sleep-deprived and writing like a zombie.

So I've been trying to make sure that I publish at least one word vomit for each day of 2017. That way, in the worst case scenario, I'll still have a decent shot of finishing the word vomit project at the end of the year. Well – if we add 360 to the current number we'll still be at 987, but that's close enough I suppose.

I've been going through my stuff over and over again. It ultimately needs to be part of a daily routine, I suppose. I'm currently making sure to go through it at least once a week, which keeps things at least somewhat 'warm'. A part of me would actually prefer to skip writing this vomit and just spend all my spare time and energy going through Evernote instead, but I want "publish a vomit a day" to be the minimum standard so here I am.

I suppose I could talk more about my perspective on the importance of tagging and commenting. I might've mentioned it a couple of days ago, but it's going to be what I talk about today, too. As I go through my todo list on Things, and go through my notes on Evernote, and as I listened to a talk by @fortelabs about GTD, I find myself thinking about the importance of being precise.

To be more precise about THAT, what I mean is – very often I write down little thoughts and tasks and ideas into my notebooks, both digital and physical. And often I'm quite minimal about this – sometimes it's just a single word, like "dishes" or "feynman" or a vague phrase like "write about doxxing". At the moment where I write it, that fragment is very evocative. I can look at the fragment and remember, completely, what I meant by that. But as time goes by, the context begins to fade from memory – and so whatever I had written requires an increasing amount of effort to make sense of. Give it a long enough time and it becomes meaningless gibberish. It's like hearing half of a conversation in a hard to understand accent – you'd rather not hear anything at all.

I don't code, but I've always been curious about evesdropping on the conversations of developers. Developers notoriously disagree about everything and they're very passionate about their disagreements. One of the things they disagree about is the utility of commenting your code. Some people have this glorious ideal of writing code that's so elegant and pure that no comments are necessary. That, in my opinion, is when you've effectively "worked the comments into the work". That requires tonnes of effort and rework. You're realistically almost never going to get it right on your first try. And if you decide to sleep on it halfway, you might not recognize what you started with when you wake up and face it again. So just comment your goddamn code. The idea is to communicate context and intent. Let your future self know what you were thinking, and what you were trying to do. Because sometimes you'll realize later on that there are better ways of getting what you actually wanted, or maybe that what you wanted wasn't that great an idea after all.

Context is important, and so it's valuable to develop a habit of contextualizing everything. (Well, at least in most contexts that come to mind. Perhaps there might be some context – an emergency, maybe – where such a habit might not be useful. Still, I think it's better more often than not.)

So the lesson there for me is to get more precise about what I mean when I say something. I like GTD's heuristic for this – to break things down, if possible, into physical actions. I find it helpful to break down my vague thoughts into questions, directives, hypotheses and so on. It doesn't actually matter what a thought becomes, as long as it becomes something that can interface with the greater 'world' of my mind.

Come to think of it, at a meta level this applies to my entire blog, and everything I've been doing. To entire blogposts and so on. A well written post is something that very naturally interfaces with the world – that people can drop in on and use effectively for their own ends. At least, that's my definition. The end-goal is to take all this raw material, all this junk, and refashion it into something that's pleasing. It's about seeing the statue that's in the marble.

I'm trying to make it a habit to make my todo list tasks more precise. To make sure that all of them get tagged – if not immediately, then by the end of the day, or at worst, by the end of the week. If I can make this a habit, then fewer tasks will slip between the cracks. If I can reduce the amount of cognitive effort it takes to do the things that I set out to do, all else held constant, I should be doing more things. Of course there's more to life than just getting faster at doing things, but getting faster at doing things is certainly a useful superpower to have. As Tiago pointed out in his QS talk, a 2% increase in productivity is the equivalent of having an extra work week a year. That's certainly something.

Well, I'm going to try to keep up this trend of publishing a word vomit a day. I do feel like it's changing me in some little way, in a good way. There's something about doing something every day that is a pleasurable experience – it's like, it's on your mind more. It feels fresher. You remember more about it. I think the same should probably apply to exercise. Like a little bit of exercise every day is probably a really good thing, and I should really get into that. That might just be the next thing that I'd like to do. In the meantime I'd like to get to the end of this vomit and just about pass out. Seeya

Today was an interesting day in terms of productivity. I woke up later than I'd have liked, and spent a bit of time just lounging around. And then I got around to doing some drilling work in the house – I moved a couple of whiteboards (a large one from the gym to the study, and a small one from my bedroom to the gym). I also doubly-secured the whiteboard in my living room (which was 'flappy' because it was hanging off of two screws – I drilled in a couple more screws at the bottom to secure it). And I drilled in a new hand towel holder in the kitchen. All of that was really satisfying, though it took longer than I'd have liked. The drill bits are getting a little worn, and I should replace them. I particularly enjoyed having my Jaybird X3's with me, because it was possible to listen to music in-ear while drilling. Listening to music over the speakers doesn't help because the drill overpowers it, and wearing regular earphones is a little dicey because you don't want any wires dangling off of you while you're doing drilling work.

Afterwards, my wife and I spent some time in our study. We had just cleaned it out, so we put all of our books on the floor. It was quite an interesting experience, and one I wish we had experimented with earlier. It's something that Marie Kondo recommends – put all your stuff out on the floor, and then touch it with your hands and see if it sparks joy. I didn't exactly follow that formula – rather I used different colored post-its to sort them into different categories – books I love, books I WANT to read, books I'd LIKE to want to read, and "#shrug". I'm eliminating a lot of the #shrug books, as well as many of the "I'd like to want to read this" books. I might give some of them away, and maybe keep the top 20-30% of the "want to want to read" books.

I found myself thinking that there's definitely utility in going through things over and over again. I used to feel bad about this, and so there would be a considerable length of time between each review. If I wait too long, I'd have forgotten a lot of whatever it is that caught my attention and interest, and so each new session ends up feeling like I"m just re-doing what I had done the last time. And it feels very wasteful, like there's no progress. I suppose a close analogy would be – it's like going to the gym once every 3 months and feeling really unfit and weak each time, like you didn't make any progress and like you shouldn't have bothered at all. Your feelings and observations are correct, but the conclusion is misplaced. You SHOULD have bothered, you just should've bothered in much smaller amounts at a much higher frequency. This is what I want to get better at.

(I'm racing against the clock with this word vomit – I have 3% left on my Macbook battery.)

What is it that I want to remind myself of here? Heh – I want to remind myself to revisit everything – all the basics – at a much higher frequency. Ideally I should be doing it every single day. Every single morning and every single evening. There are only a few basic things in life that I need to care about. Breathing, posture, hydration, diet, sleep, exercise, social relations, work done, todo list, goals, chores, bills and so on... it can sometimes seem like too much to bear, but when I'm writing myself a word vomit every day, it becomes clearer that actually it only seems too much because I haven't sufficiently broken things down into bite-sized components that I can deal with at my own time, at my own leisure.

Also I just simply have this silly habit of taking way too long to start doing anything. The way around this might be to just circle around the task itself – and have a sort of ritual or routine for the circling. I find myself thinking now about how I instinctively do a bunch of fast, deep breaths before doing heavy squats. There's something about it that calms me down, that seems to give me the strength I need. I wonder if I could just do it without – like just breathe normally and start squatting. I think it could be done, but a part of me feels like my core might not be braced tightly enough (I'm pulling this stuff out of my ass) and I might get injured or something. I guess I could experiment with lower weights and see how it goes. I don't know.

Anyway the point of that example is to help me think about how to act on other things. I think the system I use for working out should translate quite well to doing work tasks, for instance. I write down what I'm going to do, on the whiteboard. I block out a period of time – 30 minutes, an hour. I play music. And I don't do anything else. And afterwards I reward myself in some way. That's exactly what I should be doing with work. I should have a list and I should use that list to measure my progress, and I should use my progress to reward myself – both directly (as in, get pleasure from seeing a visible chart of progress) and indirectly ("I've done X, I've earned that Starbucks drink").

So to recap, today's reminders are – revisit your shit over and over again so that it remains fresh – that way you can pick up where you left off and actually start exploring new territory. Set aside a short amount of time to do it. You don't need to spend hours and hours on a thing each time you do it. Just pay attention to how it feels right now, to have published one word vomit per day of 2017. You're going to hit 10 soon. Each new milestone will feel great. No zero days. A little bit every day. Done is better than perfect. C'mon!
I just re-watched Tony Robbins: I am not your guru. I’m not sure if I wrote my thoughts the first time around, but here they are the second time around. I think Tony is pretty legit. I don’t think he’s legit for everyone, but I don’t think anybody can be legit for everyone either. I think he’s legit to his tribe, to his people. That’s the best you can ever do, anyway. You put out a clear signal so that your people can follow it back to you. That’s what he’s done, and that’s why he has this great staff that’s so committed and focused to contributing, and that’s why he draws so many people to him (who are then so nurturing and helpful to one another).

I’m trying to model the questions he’d have asked me.

// Why are you here?

I’m here because I feel like I’m blocked.

// Why do you feel blocked?

I feel like I could be doing more things with my life, like I could be moving faster, contributing more, shedding old bullshit, changing more. I AM doing these things, but progress has been really slow. It feels like I’ve made a tiny crack in a big dam, and now there’s water trickling out. I need to break the dam altogether. I’ve never done this before. I believe it’s doable but I haven’t done it yet.

// What is the dam? What’s blocking you?

You know, I’ve done a LOT of reflecting on this, but I really don’t have a straight answer. It seems like the answer changes depending on my mood or my circumstances. I guess the problem is that I don’t have a strong frame, then. The problem is that I allow myself to be swept up in all these currents. A part of me enjoys it. But another part of me knows – a deeper part, maybe – knows that I can’t live like that.

// Why is your frame weak?

I don’t know. How do you have a strong frame? Nobody taught me how to have a strong frame. Few people in my life could be described as examples of people with strong frame – and with the exception of my boss and a colleagues, I found ways to dislike or despise anybody with a strong frame. At least, I did when I was younger. I hated authority figures, I hated teachers, parents, all that sort of thing. I just wanted to be left alone to my own devices, to be free to do whatever.

But I also recognise that when people didn’t leave me be, it was because they didn’t trust me to be left alone, and there’s a sort of love in that. People don’t want me to end up a burden on my family, or on society, some derelict hobo just lounging around doing nothing.

I have to earn the right to be left alone to my own devices. There’s a responsibility there, a “price of admission” that I need to pay. I haven’t fully, properly internalised this and I should reflect on it more.

// Whose love did you crave the most?

My siblings would probably unanimously say that I was the favourite child of my parents. And I suppose they’re right. I always assumed that I would have my mother’s affection. My dad’s too, in his own way, but my dad wasn’t so warm and sentimental. I don’t know. I don’t actually know my parents nearly as well as I assume I might. My dad’s a bit of a reckless man, a bit impulsive, a bit of a Clint Eastwood type. I don’t know the specifics of the challenges he faced when he was younger, but I imagine he was ambitious. I think he wanted to be a wealthy businessman who could show off, grant favours and things like that. He was the sort of guy who would go to court over a parking ticket and then argue his case. A bit of a rascal, a bit of a mischievous type. He would’ve been a joker. It’s sad to think on hindsight I suppose that I never fully got to see that side of him – as we never quite get to see who our parents are before they become our parents.

Anyway – I guess I would’ve craved his love more. He was the worldlier one, it seemed.

// Who did you have to be for your father?

I can’t remember the specific of how it felt back then, but vaguely overall I think my dad wanted a bit of a trophy kid – someone who would do really well academically and then end up a lawyer or some sort of bigshot. He was definitely thrilled when I made it into the GEP, and definitely upset when I was asked to leave. And he wouldn’t have any of it when I suggested maybe going to Poly instead of JC. And I’m recalling now that there was some point where he was very persistent in trying to persuade me to take a military scholarship of some kind. So clearly there’s something there about what he wanted for me that I never quite fully articulated – I mean, I saw it as something to run away from, or run circles around, and it didn’t occur to me then to sit and try and make sense of it all. But it makes sense – my dad’s a bit of a smartass who likes to run his mouth. He would’ve been prone to making strong claims and statements… he would’ve wanted sons who were driven, high-functioning, accomplished and so on.

But one of the tragedies of life maybe is that it’s so easy to get in the way of the things that we want. So we end up stifling the very thing that we want to have. That’s a common loop that I seem to run into.

// Who did you have to be?

It was a sort of contradiction – I had to be a trophy kid, and at the same time I had to be moderately sociable, and not a total moron. He’d mock me for some things in a subtle way – like how I had odd eating habits, and when I was young that was always a source of embarrassment for me, I think. Having “dietary restrictions” in the form of “sorry, I won’t eat that, it looks gross.”

Let's pick up where we left off.

// Who did you have to be?

I had to be compliant enough to do as I was told, to follow along without asking questions, and yet smart enough and disciplined enough to do well academically. I was none of the above. The first 10 years or so of my life were pretty lovely, and I can't complain about any of that. If I could've changed something, I would've tried to introduce a bit more of some sort of discipline, some rigor, habit, routine, experiment more with swimming, cooking, trying different things. But that's not a complaint so much as a wish of sorts.

// Why are you blocked?

Like I said, I was neither compliant nor disciplined. I got really good at getting in my own way. I'm thinking now about how I'm capable of playing video games or watching movies for hours and hours long after everyone else is too tired to continue. I'm trying to channel that right now into my writing – I'm writing this word vomit at 2:47am when I ought to be sleeping.

That said, I've committed myself to writing a word vomit a day. So what I need to do, to avoid following in the footsteps of lesser men, is to avoid using the word vomit as an explanation for why I'm not sleeping. Sleeping early and sleeping well is one of my highest intended priorities. But to say "i'm not sleeping because I'm writing a word vomit" is myopic. Why didn't I write the word vomit earlier? Because I was procrastinating. Because I was looking at random nonsense that wasn't actually relevant to my main concerns in life. What was I doing? I was looking up random strangers on the Internet. A while before that I was going through my bookmarks – and yes, I did update my bookmarks very well, removing links that are no longer relevant, making existing links more parseable – I did make an hour or two of progress on that. But is that my top priority? No! My top priorities are – writing word vomits and sleeping early.

So the question is – why isn't my behavior aligned with my priorities? And what do I need to do to close that gap? What are the possibilities?

One possibility is that my priorities aren't my real priorities, they're just goodfeels priorities. Escapist priorities. Like having grand, vague goals that can never be achieved.

The way to fix that is to make the priorities really precise. So I have – "publish one word vomit every day" and "sleep earlier and better". I should replace that with "publish one word vomit as early as possible each day – first thing in the morning", and "start preparing for sleep at 10pm and get in bed at 11pm every day unless there is an emergency". I seem to have had some resistance to this for a while. I think because it seems boring and limiting in the short term. Like, why should I have to 'limit' myself like that?

As I write this down, it's obviously silly. It's obvious intellectually that self-discipline, self-binding, commitment devices – these things bring more freedom. But it's not so obvious in the short run. In the short run it just looks like pain and frustration, or boredom, or limitations – and it's an 'ugh field' for me. (At this point, I recalled that I once wrote a blogpost about ugh fields, and went looking for it – and funnily enough, the last time I thought about it, I was also writing a word vomit at 3:25am in the morning. It's 3:02am now. I'll be done in about 5 minutes or so, so at least I'm making some sort of progress, maybe. Who knows, everything is an illusion.)

Okay, so ugh fields. I need to walk into them. I need to walk into my fear and my discomfort. And I need to take pride in making myself a priority. Take pride in sleeping early because it gives me a clear mind to take on the world. Take pride in writing early because that's one task done in the morning, one task gotten out of the way, and like Admiral McRaven says, that's the beginning of a chain reaction. That allows me to do one more little thing, and one more.

What would I want to do next? I've learned by now that it's not helpful for me to try and take on 20 things all at once the moment I feel like I want to be more productive. I have to do one thing first. So let's say, right now, I finish this word vomit. Then I shower and go to bed. Then I wake up in the morning. I have to do another word vomit as early as I can. Once that is done it will be time to go through my todo list and then elaborate on each thing to turn it into a next action. And then it would be to clean out my email, and follow up on the things that I owe people. I need to make that a part of a daily routine that I really enjoy, and maybe tie it to something like a coffee or something pleasurable so that I really enjoy it. I wrote about this problem in 2015, and I'm writing about it again in 2017. I do NOT want to be writing about it in 2018 or 2019, so the buck stops here. I have been doing regular reviews of my days so far in Evernote – not every single day is perfectly captured, but the habit has been rolling over and it's been good.

I'm serious about making this work. I really want it to work. I really want to get good at it. I've learned to cook for myself, at least a couple of dishes with a couple of different inputs. I've learned to squat and deadlift. I've bench pressed 60kg and more, which used to seem impossible when I was younger. I know I can break my limits. I know I can become stronger. I will become stronger!
I missed a vomit yesterday because I was so tired and sleepy – which means that I gotta do two today. But if I just do one, that would be okay too, as long as I keep the streak going. A slight silver lining is, I do feel like I didn't do the vomit yesterday. As in, often when I miss things or skip things, I tend to forget that I did that. But this time I did not, this time I remembered. So it's a sign that at least the habit is building, a little bit, maybe. Too early to tell. The important thing is to get back on the wagon ASAP and keep going.

What do I want to write about... I was thinking in the shower in the morning that I wanted to write about the idea of productivity. This would be useful for another blog that I'm planning on doing. What is productivity? When did the idea originate? The word produce is latin in origin, and it means to bring forth.

My first thought is that productivity might've been invented by industrialization. That's definitely where it started to get broken down into components and widgetized, in the modern supply chain sense with bottlenecks and constraints and throughput and such. I have an odd relationship with those terms – a part of me is very turned off by them, a part of me is very eager to dig deep into them and really make sense of it all. It's funny because even wanting to solve the problem requires carving out time to solve the problem, and if you were good at carving out time for yourself, you wouldn't have the problem.

But on further thought, surely productivity mattered before the industrial era. It would've mattered in the agricultural era. It would've mattered when it came to making tools of war. There's probably a ton of nuance here that I'm not sensitive to, and there's probably a lifetime's worth of reading to be done here. So at this point I gotta zoom out and ask myself again – what am I trying to make sense of here?

Productivity. Why I care about it. Why other people care about it. Why it is a feature of our lives, and what to do about it. Is it worth it to be productive? I've actually really witnessed compelling arguments from both sides. Are there only two sides? I do remember being really miserable when I was a teenager who spent months and months doing very little. I would have been much happier if I had learned something, if I had grown, if I had picked up a new skill –

I'm suddenly thinking of another thought I had – which was something like, we optimize for minutes, hours and days, when we should (at least simultaneously) be optimizing for decades and years. Like, on a given day, you're not going to make much progress learning a new skill. You're not going to learn to play the guitar in a day, week or month. It will take several months to get semi-decent.

But on any given day, if you want to have a good day, "start learning a new skill" is not going to feature highly on it. Whether we're talking about learning to code, learning to dance, learning to play guitar or whatever it is that you don't currently know how to do – chances are that when you start something new, you're going to make mistakes, you're going to face pain and discomfort. This is a cost that you have to accept. It can be slightly mitigated maybe if you have a great teacher or some sort of highly structured learning environment, but no matter what learning is going to involve some amount of mistake-making.

The thing is, each new thing that you learn becomes something powerful and useful. It becomes a new way of making sense of the world. Writing does that. Drawing does that. Filmmaking does that. Music does that. It gives you ways to express yourself.

When you're starting out, 'self-expression' is not quite a possible thing, because you don't quite know how to even operate the dang instrument in your hands. It's all noise.

And what is the self, anyway, but a bunch of noise...?

Not sure where I'm going with that. I'm trying to visualize– a person, which is a sort of contained blob, intefacing with an instrument, which is a sort of series of switches – a string, a tube, some sort of object that responds in a variable way depending on how you tinker with it. And then you have an audience, I suppose, whether it's just the musician alone, or some group of people. I'm guess talking about the tree of talking now – the communication process.

200 words to tie this all together – so what if becoming productive is something like getting good at playing a musical instrument, where the instrument is your life? The instrument is your body, your hands, your mind... does that work? There's still something a little missing from the picture here...

I guess I could try to put everything through a musical lens and then get it back out. What do I want for myself as a musician? I'm probably never going to be a professional musician, but I'd like music to continue to be a part of my life. But so what does that mean? I have guitars in my house, I have access to music on my laptop via the Internet. I don't want to have a ridiculously rigorous, structured approach to 'getting more musical', I want it to be fun. And yet at the same time, I feel like my current approach of "let's just leave the things around and see what happens" hasn't quite been working out for me. By that I mean, it hasn't quite been fun. Fun isn't just noodling around, fun is learning new things, being able to do more than I was able to do last month, last quarter, last year. To do that I need to seek out specific things to do. Learn a particular song that I don't know how to play. I should always have at least 1, up to maybe 3-5 things that I'm trying to learn. This is a bit of difficulty, but getting it right and locking it in will expand my abilities, which is very life-affirming.
The world is large, and complicated, and there are all sorts of people in it.

This seems to be surprisingly hard for some people to grasp.

Anyway, the reason I'm writing this is because I saw something on Imgur about how it's become socially acceptable to be racist towards white people.

Racism is complicated, man.

It's tempting to say that everybody's got their own problems, everybody faces some sort of discrimination. But is that really true? And if it were true, is it really a useful statement? What are we trying to achieve, here, what are we trying to do? A lot of the time I think a lot of people just want peace and quiet. If someone's complaining, they want the complaints to stop. (Whoa, I just surprised myself a little bit there. I'm not sure why this particular perspective never quite occurred to me in this specific context.)
Not many people really want justice for all. What they really want is quiet. They might SAY they want peace, but if peace turns out to require a lengthy, drawn-out process of engagement and behavioral change, they'd much rather just insist on quiet.

This helps to explain something that's always confused me: when someone says something like "why must you bring up race", "why must you be so divisive".

Every person who's experienced racism or sexism or some form of prejudice would really much rather never have to bring it up. Bringing it up is uncomfortable, tedious and has unknowable social costs. We'd all rather make puns and dad jokes that everyone can enjoy (or cringe at). But we only bring it up because _it is a problem_.

Many people never quite relate to this. Here's an insultingly silly analogy that hopefully gives a slight idea: it's like interrupting an entire lecture to announce that you need to go and pee. Most people in that situation would much rather just hold it in. Until they can't any more.

A parent/child analogy is probably problematic, but it keeps coming to me again and again: Getting frustrated with people speaking up about racism is like getting frustrated with a child for crying. You assume that she's crying because she wants to annoy you, wants to spoil your day, wants to make a lot noise, likes the attention. It's a lot harder to believe that she might actually be crying because she's in pain, she's hurt, she needs help.

It's been quite well established by now that people have a tendency to literally seek out comforting beliefs. (This explains victim-blaming to some degree. Many people want to believe the comforting lie that the world is fair, that bad things don't happen to good people, so if something bad happened to you, you must've done something to deserve it!)

I rewatched a video earlier by Cameron Russell, the swimwear model who gave a TED talk about beauty and body image. She was quick to say that she benefited from winning a genetic lottery, and from a legacy of beauty standards and so on. She gets a free pass on things because of how she looks. And yet despite being so close to what is considered to be physical perfection, she feels insecure about her body. And she says the same is true for any group of models, despite having the thinnest thighs and so on. So people with all the advantages can still be unhappy. Perhaps deeply, profoundly unhappy, in the depths of dark-night-of-the-soul despair.

I find myself thinking now about an article about the son of a wealthy Chinese family – I can't remember the specifics, but I think he was saying something like, life is miserable when you're rich. Nobody sympathizes with you, everybody assumes the worst of you, you can't trust your friends because everybody wants your money. Your parents have very high expectations of you to run the family business, to get married to someone that is good for the family (rather than necessarily good for you), and so on.

Poorer folk might say, well if you don't like all that stuff why don't you just walk away? Why don't you just quit? But is that ever really a fair thing to ask of somebody? You don't like how your countrymen treat you, leave the country! Well it's your country too, why should you have to leave? Exit decisions make tonnes of sense in nomadic situations, but it's really drastic and costly within tightly-meshed civilization. Maybe things will continue to change in the coming years.

Time to start wrapping up. What am I trying to say here? Most people just want peace and quiet and aren't quite aware of just how messy, complicated and difficult the world is, and how difficult other people's lives can be. We are all intimately aware of all the things that are difficult and painful about our own lives, but it's not so obvious that other people are suffering too, and probably worse. I mean, if you have internet access, you probably also have clean water, food and so on and you're doing okay.

But then and again, are the comforts of civilization actually good for us? I'm thinking now about Sebastian Junger's points about how people who experience great social trauma collectively end up rallying together and improving their relationships with one another, and suicide rates drop, murder rates drop, people just seem better and more whole and happier. And there are all those things about how people in villages have happier relationships, a better attitude towards life in general, they're healthier in many ways... I guess the thing is that we shouldn't be too quick to start getting all certain about whose life is better and whose life is worse. Some things might be objectively terrible – malaria is obviously a bad thing that ought to go away. Anyway – am I even very seriously interested in figuring that stuff out? That's the thing I think I'm beginning to get at. I think eventually you shed your BS moral posturing and come closer to your personal truth about what you really care about. I'm sure I have some moral goodness in me somewhere, to the degree that I am a social animal and all social animals care about the broader group. And I am trying to do a bunch of signalling to the "Greater Human Tribe", because I don't quite feel like I belong in any Minor Human Tribe. Something to think about. That's more interesting to me than "how to save the world from malaria". So in that regard, I'm a selfish bastard, obviously. :-p

There's something a little strange about me that is a sort of bug that I want to correct. It's kind of like "an island in a lake in an island" situation.

I generally procrastinate quite a bit, on a lot of things.

At the same time, I have a habit of getting all panicky and rushed when responding to people. This is one of my ugh fields – one of the areas in which I behave in a way that's very impulsive, very 'jerky'.

When we're asking the question "how do I improve my life", there are many different possible answers, many of which contradict one another, some of which are conditional on things that are uncertain, unclear and so on.

But I'm thinking that confronting ugh fields is one of the best ways to do it. It's improving one's life by cleaning up the toxic spaces, in a sense. It doesn't presume to know what's the right thing to do, how to allocate resources in a globally optimally way or anything like that. It's just about removing things that trip you up.

So – one ugh field I'm happy to have conquered was involving food. I used to be terrified of handling food, probably because of some childhood hangups around mealtime and food preparation. But after I became an adult, this was a sort of really outdated, silly hangup that I had that didn't make sense any more. So I decided that I was going to learn to cook. I've since learned to make pasta with minced meat, pan-fried stakes and chicken breasts and so on. I can do a pretty decent job of feeding myself with ingredients bought at a supermarket. But more importantly, I now have a sort of context in which I can continue to get better at cooking. I'm curious about buying better tools (pans, cutlery).

I've done the same thing with my fear of squats. I used to be strangely afraid of doing squats – mainly, I think because I was too tall to use squat racks as they are typically configured in local gyms, and I was ashamed to squat with just the bar, and I was worried that the form would be all wrong... all of those things. I got around it by literally buying my own squat rack so that I can squat at home.

So now that I've done it with both fitness and with food, it's time to progress on to other things. One of it is to do with schedules and daily tracking. Accountability to self. I grew up being frustrated and terrified of timetables, bills, todo lists and tasks and so on, and so very often I just ignore those things as much as possible. I know it's weird, but that's just the nature of ugh fields and I have to accept that. To get past it I need to make them a highly-visible feature of my environment, and I need to make them a part of my daily routine. I think it's especially important to carve out a substantial part of the weekend for myself every week to go through this. The next level would be to set aside time every single DAY to go through my stuff – I'm not sure why I haven't been able to do that effectively yet, but maybe that's just the nature of ugh fields. You need to be very strategic about it. It's like a game of Heroes or Civilization or Starcraft – you gotta marshall your resources carefully. You have to concentrate your efforts, focus on the most important thing and get it knocked down. Secure a beachhead, and then move on bit by bit. You can't just scattershot at everything.

The other thing is to practice meditation. Meditation often seems dull, or stupid, or a waste of time – just sitting there doing nothing. But it's really about zooming out and getting a more global sense of perspective. It's about getting removed from whatever situation is troubling you, at least inside your mind, and then you can see better, decide better. But meditation hasn't quite caught on for me yet.

And now we get to what I started with, which is talking about how I deal with other people. My ugh field with other people – when people start talking to me about something, I very easily look at it through some sort of foreboding or intimidating lens. I get nervous for every single meeting that I go to, even 1-1s with my boss who I really enjoy, even though we've been doing this for almost 4 years. And this is a sort of global paranoia and anxiety that I have. I was going to say "low level", but I have no real idea about what the actual level is. I want to address and resolve this anxiety and really make it my bitch. I think that's doable, it's just going to take a lot of smart, intelligent effort – because we're talking about rewiring a brain that's been wired a certain way for 20 years. So it's got to be a sort of keyhole surgery, a very hard and deliberate approach..

I particularly want to stop freezing up when talking to people. I want to be warm and open and slow. I want to be able to take my time. I'm reminded now of my wife telling me how she saw me almost panicking when anxiously trying to get money to pay a pizza guy once. It's like I was worried that he was going to get angry and scold me. Which is silly, because why would a pizza delivery guy scold me in any scenario, let alone one where I'm bigger and older than him? So there's some sort of deep rooted shit there, and I need to meditate on that every day in order to change my perspective, in order to approach it differently.

That's what I want for myself in 2017. I want to eliminate all the ugh fields that I can conceive of right now. Cook a great meal, have people over and relax in their presence, and go to meetings well-prepared without any sort of anxiety whatsoever. That's what I want for now.

I wrote a tweetstorm a while ago (two years ago, wow) saying that "a man should be sensitive (to inputs from reality), smart (at making sense of reality) and strong (to effect reality)". I rediscovered it at some point and I found myself rubbing my chin at it. It seems like quite a full picture, and I'm wondering how I measure up to that statement.

I like to think that I'm smart (at making sense of reality), but I'm not very sensitive and I'm not very strong. Those are my constraints, my bottlenecks. [1] They limit the impact of my smarts. Of the two, which is the bigger constraint?

My impulse is to say "it must be strength, I want to be stronger, I don't feel strong enough." But if I'm really paying careful attention, I think sensitivity is the greater constraint. [2]

I believe this to be true. I can think of more instances in which I got myself into unpleasant circumstances because of a lack of sensitivity, rather than because of a lack of strength. There are some situations in which having more strength would've allowed me to better handle said circumstances, but practically all of them could be averted with more sensitivity.

So – how do I become more sensitive to inputs from reality? How do I get better at knowing what is real and what's not, what's correct and what's not? How do I get less quick at jumping to conclusions? I'm thinking now about @buster's 'thinking is hard' posts. I guess I just need to do all of the things that are listed in there. That's all, no big deal :-P

Where do I start? How do I implement this? What I've learned personally is that you can't do everything all at once, the way to do it is piecemeal. The way to do it is in a simplified, small, MVP sort of way. Little things that technically count in the grand scheme of things.

Where do I start, goddamnit? I think I'm making some progress just by writing a word vomit every day (or almost every day) – I've been doing this since the beginning of the year now. I've also been doing almost-daily self-reviews on Evernote, which I should then use to do weekly roundups and then monthly and quarterly roundups. It's important to me that I get this done, because this would be the first time I've ever really properly done it in a consistent way.

I need to see more clearly that being more sensitive to myself and the people around me means that I'm going to become smarter and stronger in a practical sense. Which are all things that I want to be.

"Start with Why" – what's my Why? I'm thinking now about my "boy and his puppies" short story that I once wrote. It's silly, I'm not sure if I even have a copy lying around any more, but it drove me to tears when I wrote it while sitting at Starbucks in the central business district on a Saturday (so it was empty). I wrote it after reading a bit of Ray Bradbury's Zen In The Art Of Writing, and something about something he said in there compelled me to just start writing something without overthinking it – and I ended up with the boy-and-puppies story. The puppies were a metaphor for my own mind – ego and id, conscious and subconscious, Me vs I, however you want to frame it.

The wolrd has disappointed me a lot in the past year and the past few years. But do I even have the right to say that? The world is simply being itself. I can only focus on myself. Have I disappointed myself? A little bit in some ways, but I have also surprised and challenged and inspired myself in other ways. I still have a lot to give, and I intend to give it. I'm thinking now about how inspired and excited I was when Obama was first elected President. The world seemed to have been just brimming with possibility and hope, that we were at the dawn of a new age, a more perfect union, and everything was going to be just dandy.

And I was of course going to be one of the benefactors of that. How nice it is, to be able to do nothing and yet enjoy all the benefits of other people's labor – to be able to get new iPhones and Macbooks and wireless bluetooth earphones. What do I have to give in return for all of this? Just money, it seems – which I get for participating in the capitalist system that I was born into and had effectively nothing to do with.

At this point I find myself thinking – okay, so how can I give back? How can I create something? How can I do something that is useful and good? Writing is one thing that I do, but it seems woefully inadequate, at least at this juncture. But I also feel like I'm kind of 'working blind" – I'm in a very narrow context, I'm not seeing all of the good that my work could be doing. I do believe that I have useful things to say. I just need to clean all of it up. This needs to happen in the next couple of months, and then I can publish, clean up, tidy up, freshen up, recalibrate, reorient, start over.

I just gotta be sensitive to everything.

[1] Without sensitivity, you're wasting your smarts processing contaminated data. Without strength, your smarts get stuck in elaborate loops and cycles – right now I find myself thinking about that guy who wrote a massive, sprawling book to justify why he was going to commit suicide as a sort of public spectacle.

[2] At this point I wanted to make the case that there are 'strength cults' and 'smarts cults' but no 'sensitivity cults', when I realized that there are – mindfulness / meditation junkies. It's a strange-ish thing to contemplate, because can there be such a thing as too much meditation?
I want to spend this vomit thinking about the contributions I want to make. I'm approaching the two-thirds mark (666 word vomits), so I think I need to start thinking about 'life after the vomits'.

One thing I've been feeling strongly about quite recently is that I need to own a blog that's focused on a niche that I care about, that isn't based on my primary domain name (visakanv.com). I've already bought a domain, but I'm not going to talk about it directly on this blog right now until I've made something of it. I have some goals – I want to publish about 100 posts, do some promotion, build some relationships anonymously, get the backlinks and so on. This actually feels like some weight off my shoulders, because I can simplify what I do on my primary site.

I'm going to simplify visakanv.com – I want to make it very easy for anybody Googling for me to get a simple, clear picture of who I am and what I do, and get links to my absolute best work. I also have a memoir project that I want to do.

I'm going to take everything Singapore related and move it to visakanv.com/sg/. Over there I'm going to split things according to topical iss ues. National Service. The education system and the pressure-cooker atmosphere around it. The issue of censorship, especially how mindlessly it's done. Addressing things like how sterile and stodgy the country supposedly is. I find myself thinking about what the news has been like in the past decade that I've been observing it, and how there are all these recurring patterns. I find myself thinking about what I saw on slatestarcodex – a joke about having a schedule for arguments – in January we'll argue about this, in February we'll argue about that, and so on. I find myself thinking... maybe that might be something worth doing? Yes, actually. I think I'll that. It's already halfway through January... but let's just go for it anyway.

What else? I also have many book reviews that I want to get through, and TV show reviews, movie reviews, product reviews. So how do I prioritize? Which goes first? Should I put one of the projects (reviews vs SG) on the backburner, or should I try to do both? And I also have the project I talked about earlier on. And I have this word vomit project as well. Typing all this out, it becomes pretty clear that I have a little too many things to do all at once – I also have to work on my job – which is not just a time-pass for me; it's important to me that I get my work done well and continue to develop myself in my career. That's a lot of things to do. How am I going to do all of it? What's my top priority? Right now, my top priority is to publish this word vomit. After that, my next top priority is work – I'm getting paid for it, and my professional reputation is tied up in it, but I think most importantly I feel gratitude to and affection for my team, and I want to contribute in that way so that I can do more for that.

Oh yeah, pause – and I have my marketing blog too, which is an overlap between what I do at work and what I want to talk about in public about marketing, advertising and so on. Let's list these out again for clarity's sake–

visakanv.com – the nexus from which everything else comes out of; a list of my best and favorite essays
visakanv.com/blog/ – I'm going to have content about storytelling, about writing, about book reviews, product reviews and so on.
visakanv.com/sg/ – to write things that contribute to discourse in Singapore, encouraging people to think more critically, to try and transcend above us-vs-them dynamics and think about what's best for Singapore in the long term
visakanv.com/marketing/ – to share my experience, insights and learnings as a SaaS content marketer over the past 4 years
visakanv.com/1000/ – the writing project that I'm working on here. Lots of the content here will be repurposed for other sites
???.com [to be revealed later] – a blog about productivity, GTD, procrastination, fitness, health

That's a lot of stuff. It seems like a lot of stuff. I will have to prioritize. I think my biggest priority actually is still going to be the /1000/ project – I want to finish this and get it out of my system. I guess I'm going to write on the wall... okay. I just took a few minutes to write down all of the above on postits that go on my whiteboard in the study so that I can look at them every day. [1]

[1] Which got me thinking now – what else should go on my whiteboard? What should come down from it? I have a few reminders to self that I could turn into blogposts – I think it's important to make sure that the entire whiteboard is constantly updated. Everything should be completely wiped off every so often, so that there's an opportunity to start over from scratch. Otherwise I fall into the trap of having things just become a little too familiar, and I don't really pay attention to them. This is not good. This is not what I want. I want things to get addressed, taken care of. I want them to be resolved. I want things to go from my Whiteboard (which is where things are played around with in an experimental, generative sort of stage) to my Things (mac app – where I come up with physical next-action tasks to follow up on). And things should then either get done or Next'd or Someday'd, and I should just keep kicking butt at whatever's on my list. And every week or so I should step back and go, is this helping me get to where I want to go? Do I need to revise where I want to go? I'm going to be a beast this year. I'm going to contribute like mad. Let's do this.
Essay WIP.

I find myself thinking about an Alan Watts lecture, that you can find on YouTube titled The Human Game. And he talks about how when people are born into the world, we don't tell them, "Hello, welcome to the world, we're playing a bunch of games here, and here are the rules," and so on. We take it very seriously.

I was reflecting about something related to this when I walked out of the shower yesterday afternoon, I think, and I looked out of the window and I saw all the buildings in the distance. I live in Singapore, in a HDB flat, which is a sort of box of boxes, stacks of apartments, a lot like containers stacked on a container ship. And I found myself thinking about the forces that made this happen – "this" meaning me, being in a home, in a housing estate in Singapore. What went into the building itself? What about the ecosystem that the building is a part of? What about the laws and regulations and housing policies and so on? What about the Singapore government? What about my parents, my ancestors (from India, and from earlier than that)?

It all started with the big bang, and then the sun, and the Earth,  and then at some point life (either on Earth itself, or visited from a meteor or comet or something), and then life evolved over time from single-celled organisms to birds and reptiles and mammals... and eventually we had bipedal creatures; monkeys, apes, nomadic bands of humans.

At this point the game is still pretty easy. You're in a small-ish group of people, you spend almost all of your time looking for food, avoiding danger, and having sex. This is what our minds are optimized for, and we haven't yet adapted fully to the much more complex games that we play today. We fought, we killed, we fucked, we scavenged, we hunted, we ate. We groomed one another, comforted one another, mourned our dead – all of this we can see in our monkey cousins today. We may have had some primitive sort of religions. This was the "Paleolithic" era – 99% of human history. People used stone tools.

At some point things got more complicated. We learned to manipulate things in our hands. We made tools, we made up language, we sang songs, we danced. We learned to make fire, we learned to control it, we learned to cook. We began to shape the environment. And here things start to get a lot more complicated. This is at the beginning of civilization, roughly about 10,000-12,000 years ago. Once we had a food surplus, we could afford to spend less time looking for food and more time doing other things. Little tribes of families would emerge. Hierarchies. Over time these would get consolidated to become hamlets, villages, towns, cities. (There were people who lived outside of cities – bands of barbarians – and we know unfortunately little about them.)

With the age of cities came all sorts of complexity – legal systems, laws, systems of government, taxes, diplomatic relations with other cities, trade, economies. We learned to write, keep records. The birth of the bureaucrat. We domesticated animals, built houses and structures, cathedrals, aqueducts, sewer systems. Schools. Marketplaces. People would start to specialize, becoming craftsmen, and consolidated into guilds. We started having fashion and social classes. Capitalism. Technology began to develop. We had philosophers and intellectuals, people figured out maths and science, physics and chemistry.  Cities were "civilizing" – life was brutish outside of them, and bureaucratic inside of them. At some point we punished people by banishing them, exiling them, casting them out. And then at some point we started having jails and prisons.

At some point empires became a thing – cities with imperial ambitions would conquer and vanquish other cities, and consolidate them into greater empires. Colonization, slavery. Persian empire, Roman empire. Interestingly we seldom use the phrase "Chinese Empire" even though there have been many Emperors. We tend to say Dynasties instead – why is that? China today is called a Republic...

Anyway so over time people developed in-groups and loyalties... what about religion? And language? Broadly I find myself thinking that there are the eastern religions and the western ones. The eastern ones are more 'continental' – in fact when we say 'religion', that word itself makes me think of a church or a mosque – which are civilization constructs, very abrahamic. Cathedrals. We don't think so much about pagans, witches, Sun worship, nature worship, ancestor worship. Tribal circles, shamanistic wilderness religions – going into the jungle, into the desert and so on. Buddhism and Taoism and so on might be philosophies or systems of principles etc rather than religions in the common sense.

How should religions be conceived? Religion seems to be... ways of making sense of the world. I think maybe it makes sense to think of "city religions"... systems of beliefs, patterns of control, rituals, sacrifice...

(I've been fascinated by the idea of how the metaphor for God or the Creator changes over time – the Christian god is described as a sculptor, who sculpted Man from Earth and breathed life into his nostrils – a sort of cosmic Geppeto. So whoever came up with that story was already familiar with sculpting, pottery, etc – and presumably that must have been a rather high-status job at the time. Before that we have older religions that use more pre-agrarian metaphors – a female god giving birth to the world. The greeks do this – Gaia giving birth to Uranus (the sky), and so on. The nordic religions have Yggdrasil, the world tree.)

Let's pause for a moment to consider how the game would've been different for a human born at a different point in time.

If you're born during the Paleolithic era, you pretty much have the same game as a monkey does.

If you're born after 12,000 BCE, you're probably born into a more complicated game. You're part of a tribe, city, settlement, and you have a leader. You start playing more complex status games, maybe. You have a craft to practice.

When does this next change? For most of the time you're 'plugged into the Matrix' of your particular circumstances – if you're born into the Persian Empire, you don't really have a choice about Zoroastrianism being your religion.

Kingdoms, nation-states... I find myself now thinking "Century of the Self..." – I guess we'll continue there, somewhere.
For DC: “how can one best fulfill the saying live as if you might die tomorrow?”

I’m a very naughty fellow, so whenever anybody gives me some sort of directive I tend to quickly think of the most mischievous way to interpret it. And here it is for this one:

If I knew I were going to die tomorrow, I think the first thing I would do is probably get myself some drugs. I mean, you’re going to die, right? Some people say that using heroin is like lying to rest in the lap of God. Wouldn’t that be a nice way to go? The main thing keeping me from trying (apart from the fact that it is very, very illegal) is the knowledge that it’s very addictive / habit-forming, and that I had a tough enough time with cigarettes. [1] But an addiction is meaningless if you’re not going to wake up to see tomorrow.

Anyway – to answer the question directly. I don’t know. I think a lot of people throw the sentence around because it sounds really enlightened. It’s the sort of thing you’d say at a commencement speech at a prestigious university – Steve Jobs said something similar, and I’m sure like at least 30% of speakers say the same thing.

That said, I can think of a few instances in my life where I found myself thinking, “You know what, if I died now, I’d be alright with it.” Looking back, I realise I tend to think this when looking at good views, or when taking a long, leisurely walk. So maybe the answer is to take more walks.

There’s a lot of things that I still want to do before I die. And I know that I realistically won’t do them all. I won’t become a hotshot author AND a popular musician AND learn to code and build a killer app AND travel to all the cool countries in the world AND… you know it. I have to prioritise. And accept that most of the things just aren’t going to happen. Right now I’m thinking the thing that I really want to try is to put in as many points as I can into the “Author” skill tree. And that means writing as much as I can. A day when I write is better than a day when I don’t write. And there IS always a really satisfying feeling at the end of having written something, even if I know that as a whole what I wrote was pretty crappy. This particular vomit is maybe about 40-50% crap. But that’s okay, that happens, I just gotta keep going. Prolific is better than perfect.

That said, I also find it helpful to reflect on the people in my life who have already died. There was this kid from VS who died right after finishing his O levels, back when I was in JC. We dedicated a song to him at VS’s evening of music and drama. I knew a guy from TPJC named Daniel S, who had a heart condition. I think the fella always knew that his mortality was much more fragile than the rest of us. I didn’t know him that well, but I think he did seem more chill than most people, and he also did more random things – travel, etc. Maybe he knew that he didn’t have a lot of time, and so he didn’t care for stupid shit. Wayne Thunder died 10 freaking years ago. At the time he seemed like this wise, mature older guy. But how old was he then? Probably about 10 years older than me. So I’m now the age Wayne was when he died. I could die tomorrow. Who knows? Life is crazy like that.

Going back to the question again – is it actually possible to live like you’re going to die tomorrow, if you know you’re probably going to live at least 10, 20, 30 more years? I think there’s a part of our subconscious that knows the truth, and doesn’t really buy our bullshit when we try to bullshit ourselves. We will never be able to engage our lives with the same urgency as when we know we’re about to die. That’s just like, the physics of life.

What we CAN do, though, I think, is contemplate periodically. I think about once a month is a good tempo for this. At the end of every month, consider the fact that your ‘month-self’ has died. Whatever you had hoped to achieve, see, experience – if you fell short, you fell short, and you have to be okay with that. Have a little mental funeral for January self, and then look forward to February. I’m trying to do this, I think it’s helping. And by helping I mean – it’s helping me live a more intentional, present life.

Oh, out of sync but I just remembered a quote from reddit. Someone asked his boss how his boss was so chill all the time. And his boss said, I paraphrase, “Son, one day you’re going to receive a phone call that the most important person in your life is dying or dead. And in that moment you’re going to realise how little anything else matters.” I try to reflect on that fairly regularly.

So to recap – take long slow walks, reflect on the fallen, reflect on your own mortality.

Another mental image comes to mind – you know that scene in Toy Story 3, where all the toys are in the incinerator, panicking at their impending doom – and then they hold hands? We’re all in the incinerator, right now. Reach out to your loved ones. Hold hands.

[1] I was just thinking earlier today - I like cigarettes. I’ve stopped smoking for months on end multiple times. I think my longest stretch was about 9 months. In that time I felt well and truly free of cigarettes, and didn’t need them. After a while I didn’t even think about them. But there’s something beautiful and poignant about cigarettes, to me. Whenever I hear someone say something like, oh I used to smoke but you’re just poisoning yourself, it’s just ugly and terrible, why do you hate yourself, -insert ton of negative rhetoric here-, I get the point, but I also get suspicious. I just tune out a little whenever I hear anybody feeling too strongly about one thing or another. Like people talking about only the good or only the bad about something – say, their ex. Assuming they weren’t in some sort of abusive, manipulative situation – what does it say about their judgement? You know what I mean.
I was going through my todo list and I saw an item that said "a vision for my life greater than my imagination can hold". It was a phrase that I heard Oprah say when collecting some award, and it stuck with me for two reasons.

The first reason: It reminded me of a conversation that I had with the boss many months ago. I was reflecting on the idea that "everything is vague to a degree you do not realize until you attempt to make it precise", and how there are two sides to that. The first side is painful – everything that you're trying to do is more difficult than you realize, more painful than you realize, involves more steps than you realize, and so on.

The other side of the coin is that you don't quite know the potential upside of things, either. Which brings me to the second reason.

The second reason: I have a post-it on my wall somewhere saying something along the lines of – the main reason I'm not living my life with great urgency is that I'm not able to sufficiently imagine all of the good that is NOT happening because of my lack of action. For example, there are people alive on this planet – and people who aren't even alive yet – who I would absolutely love to be friends with. But I don't know who they are. And they don't know who I am. And one of the best ways to change that is to do work that I really love, to do work that I really admire. If I do the work, they will be the ones who encounter it. And my life would be enriched.

So the reason I'm not doing the work that I should be doing, with the intensity that I should be doing it, is a failure of imagination on my part. And this brings me back to Oprah's words – "a vision for my life greater than my imagination can hold". She framed it in religious terms. She said that she was talking to God, and asking that he use her as he saw fit, to make the best possible use of her life, for all the people who could benefit from it.

I want to feel the same way. I think it's easy to fall into the trap of a sort of self-loathing, self-frustration, self-annoyance, self- self- self-... and then it doesn't seem like a big deal. It doesn't really matter.

I'm thinking now of a bit from a Bill Burr standup routine – most of it was kind of blah, but the part that stuck with me was – he did a show in India, and at some point he saw a street child taking a shit between two parked cars, and then walking into the crowd. And street kids are a reality of this planet. Sex slavery and trafficking, and all sorts of hideous manners of abuse and destruction and damage and pain. Most of the time we block that stuff out and try not to think about it. I mean, every time I go to work I see all the foreign laborers in my country, men who are younger than me, men who made the decision my grandfather made – to seek a better life for themselves and for their descendants. I benefit from the decision that my grandfather made, which is why I'm here writing a blogpost on a wireless Magic keyboard rather than toiling in the rain. (It's raining like a motherfucker right now, and I am safe in the home that I am paying for.)

And the point Bill Burr made was that so many of our problems are so trivial when you contrast it against the plight of street kids. And yet we get so self-obsessed, so self-focused, self-fixated, that our problems are the biggest and most pressing problems we can conceive of.

I'm thinking now I think of a PAP MP who said, when you help other people with their troubles, you actually become happier, because you realize that your troubles aren't all that bad. Maybe I need more of that. I should probably volunteer more of my time. Here now I'm thinking of a blogpost – Adulthood is a Scary Horse – which said, if you don't value your time, fine, but there's someone else who would value your time more than you. So volunteer it. Offer it. It will lighten you.

I want to do more with my life. The core of that desire is selfish – I don't want to live this small life that I've inherited, even though I know that millions – billions – would kill to swap places with me. I want to do more. I want to be more. A part of me wants recognition, wants validation. That part of things I think I can sort of meditate to deal with. Another part of me wants real significance – to do work that really matters. And of course in the grandest scheme of things nothing matters; I'm talking about within the context of a human life. I still go to bed every night thinking that my life isn't quite what it ought to be, isn't quite what it should be. I could be helping more people. I could be making more of a difference. I don't think I desire obscene amounts of material wealth; but I'd like to unshackle myself from debt, and I'd like to be able to avoid the frustration of a daily commute. But I'm not entitled to that. I have to earn it. Yes, there are people out there who didn't have to earn that freedom, but as I've seen for myself – there are children of billionaires who seem pretty damn miserable, at least some of the time.

I want to embody a vision that is greater than my imagination can hold. I know that for me this will involve some amount of working with the written word. Which is why I'm writing this word vomit. But that's just a little bit of the picture. There's a much bigger picture that, as I've said, I can't even imagine. And it would make my life a marvellous adventure, rather than an ordeal.

I'm done with this vomit. I need to do at least 1 a day in order to meet my goal of finishing this project by the end of the year. It would be great if I could finish it sooner than that. On to the next task.
I want to reflect on an exchange of comments that I had on Hacker News.

Here's the context:

Snap is about to IPO, and they've committed $2B over 5 years to paying for Google cloud infrastructure.
The top comment on HN about this is that this is a really bad idea, and that Snap should build their own infrastructure instead. [1]
Someone replied saying: "I love HN where a random person can tell a company their $2 billion plan on infrastructure is "a really bad move" with authority"
A response to that was "to be fair, that company is run by these same 'random persons' that are commenting here." It's a subtle logical fallacy – just because people who run companies post in forums doesn't mean that people who post in forums are qualified to comment about how to run a company.
A response to my followup was, "the playing field is quite level, so we shouldn't judge a comment on whether we recognize their username, but rather on quality of content."
My response to that comment (which I'll basically expand on in the rest of this vomit)

The "I love HN" comment is ambiguous – you can interpret it in at least two ways. Reading it straight, it might say, "HN has really high-functioning random people who can speak with authority on $2b issues". But I don't think that's the point. I think the point is – it's funny how everyday people feel highly qualified to talk about things that probably involve far more complexity than they appreciate. [2]   It's funny because they can feel qualified, look and sound qualified, but actually be utterly unqualified – and yet get all the upvotes, positive responses, write books on the subject, etc. etc.

I've been joking about this with my wife recently – for instance how so many men (and for some reason it's almost always men) feel completely qualified to comment on sports. There was a particularly funny comment on YouTube somewhere, where a guy criticized an eagle (literally, the bird of prey) for making a bad decision. The response to that was, "Crazy? You're the one criticizing a bird on the internet". In this case it's obviously funny – the guy is a guy, not an eagle, and he has obviously never done any eagle-ing himself, and the eagle obviously will never care about his opinion.

When it comes to sports, its a little less clear. Could an average person with a job in an unrelated field actually have an opinion on how to run a top tier football club better than its manager? Can football journalists, for that matter? Most broadly, can any person – let's say highly motivated, good-intentioned, highly intelligent, etc – ever have any meaningful input on how some game should be played, if they don't play it themselves?

Let's use the example of a food critic. Let's say she's a really good home cook, so she knows her food. And maybe she's run a moderately successful little restaurant of her own at some point. She's also visited lots and lots of restaurants of all sizes, perhaps even more than the number of restaurants visited by the people running a bigger restaurant. Can she possibly have anything meaningful to say about how to run a Michelin-starred restaurant?

That's a lopsided question. She could totally have some very good things to say. She might ask some of the most insightful questions, that most people don't think about asking. If you're a Michelin-starred restauranteur, you might enjoy reading what she has to say.

But here's the catch – there's a gap between what she knows (from having achieved herself, by operating in the space that she's operated in), and what she thinks she knows (based on what she's inferred from talking to people, from making observations, and so on). She doesn't know what she doesn't know. And while she might be right 9 out of 10 times when talking about Michelin restaurants, there are going to be times where she's completely, egregiously wrong without knowing it. And casual readers aren't going to know. Mid-sized restauranteurs aren't going to know. The only person who's going to recognize that she's wrong are the Michelin restauranteurs, and they're probably too busy running their restaurants to sit down and write an articulate response about what she's wrong about. [3]

Let me return to my point about the top comment criticizing Snap's decision. I don't know if Snap should or shouldn't commit $2B to Google cloud infrastructure. But I think can be quite certain that anybody who hasn't run a billion dollar tech company who has a strong opinion on why they should or shouldn't... is probably misjudging the situation. [4]

What's my conclusion here? How do I sum up all of this, what is my takeaway?

I think the first thing is recognizing that a person's opinion can sound very persuasive but still be fundamentally misguided. "Armchairing decisions" can teach you to be very persuasive and win you a lot of likes, but it doesn't actually mean that you know what you're talking about. Beware the illusion of knowledge.

[1] In the responses, it's interesting to learn that Netflix depends on AWS, Snap depends on Google, and FB and Google have their own data centers.

[2] I'm reminded of the response to when Drew Houston first shared Dropbox with HN – the 2nd highest comment said, "you can build it yourself quite trivially". That comment was relatively nice. What about Newsweek claiming that the Internet was a short-lived fad? Newsweek is now Internet-only. What about the media claiming that Apple was going to fail in the 80s or 90s?

[3] Convoluting this even further is the fact that a Michelin restauranteur might not be particularly good at communicating his thoughts. He'll probably be better than the average person, because anybody in a leadership role needs to get good at communicating, but his prose might not be as compelling and impressive as a food critic who's spent decades getting good at writing.

[4] Here's where it gets even more convoluted. Their reasoning could be wrong, but they might get lucky and make the right prediction. And even a person who's actually run a billion dollar tech company might get it wrong by being overly fixated on his own experience. It begins to dawn on you that when it comes to the really difficult, gritty things about life, it's tough for anybody to be right about anything!

Fiction.

Preamble:

I’ve known for a more-than-reasonable amount of time now that I want to be a writer. Writing is something that I’m pretty good at, and it’s something I can see myself working on for the rest of my life, thanklessly, for minimal reward and recognition. So that much is settled in my head. I’ve written over 600,000 words on this project alone, and I’d do it over and over again for the rest of my life for its own sake. I have clarity on this.

But now, moving forward. I know that I need to start writing works, rather than just verbalising my thoughts. This is an amusingly difficult transition for me, because I’ve spent so much time in my headvoice. It’s actually quite exhausting, and I have a feeling that once I’m able to make the switch, I will feel incredibly relieved.

Okay – so what I’m going to try to do moving forward – at least with this vomit and the next few, as far as I can tell – is to start sketching out characters, settings, contexts, plots. I need to remind myself strongly that none of this needs to be coherent, none of this needs to make sense. It can be everything all at once in all directions    . I just need to keep going until I catch something. So… this is it. This is where we dive in, like Ark in Terranigma jumping through the portal from the Underworld. This project transforms here, at 640.

There once was a girl. A lady. A woman. All and none of the above. Let's call her Calliope.

World

Calliope was born to a boring family in a boring city on a boring planet.

This is a world that is most ways similar to Earth, but is presumably different in some ways that we don't know yet. For one thing, the continents are different, and the nations and religions are different. If you’ve got myopia and you’re not wearing your glasses, it roughly looks the same.

I'm not quite sure if it's a modern-technology world or if it's a fantasy world yet. But either way – if it's fantasy, the elements of magic are effectively a 'metaphor' for technology. The point is, the reader lives in a world with all sorts of cool technology, and I want to explore that. I want Calliope to grapple with making sense of her reality in its fragmentation, all the ways in which it trips through time. So I don’t think it’s going to be a Western, Wild West, frontier type situation. Calliope is going to have to deal with the fact that she basically lives in this world that claims it has a ton of freedom, but in reality it doesn’t really. There are glimpses of both Orwell and Huxley in this world, but it’s not quite as simple as either. Humanity has been domesticating itself in fits and starts.

What do I know about Calliope’s world? I know that it has a slightly grungy, cyberpunk element to it. But it can’t literally be cyberpunk, that would be boring. What would a cyberpunk fantasy world be like? Or rather, if something that was fundamentally cyberpunk in nature was written in fantasy, what would it be like? This is an interesting thing to explore perhaps in a separate vomit. What if we took some popular stories and then put them in very different settings? Star Wars is effectively The Hero’s Journey in Space. What would Game of Thrones be like if it were set in space? What would Ender’s Game be like if it were set in Magic?

Considerations:

Media – what’s the media like?

Food, eating habits, rituals

Education / child-rearing – what sort of childhood experience did Calliope have? Have we reformed schools yet? No, not quite. Standardised testing is still a thing. But by this point, most kids know that school is pretty much daycare. We can have a conversation about this. Lots of kids are running side-businesses, lots of girls are Instagram starlets.

Power – what does the world run on? Are we in the driverless electric car future yet? I think we can incorporate that, yeah. It’ll be nice to force people to read a world that’s slightly in the future. Something like 2050s future. Mostly clean power? Or is there some sort of underlying energy conspiracy? I think Calliope doesn’t need to worry about this…. but I should figure it out for the context of the story.

There will be messaging between people – texting. I don’t think we’ll have the neural interfaces yet. I don’t want this to get all Black-Mirror-y – the tech isn’t meant to be super noticeable. It’s got to be just slightly more futuristic than we’re used to. Will I use phrases like Uber, Google, etc? Maybe, but preferably not.

Calliope

Let's figure out what makes her interesting.

What is it that makes a character interesting? The same thing that makes all things interesting: conflict.

I haven’t yet decided if she’s going to be The Protagonist. I think I’m just using this character as a starting point here to start building out a setting, a set of characters.

What is Calliope's conflict?

She has desire in a world that doesn't quite accept it. For a life of her own choosing. But she can't have it.

Why not? Well obviously she lives in a man's world, with men's expectations and men's desires. And what are those? Most simply- they want to fuck her. To possess her. To control her. To use her.

What are the not-so-obvious things about her conflict?

Calliope has an idiot father. An idiot brother. She went to idiot school and is expected to work for Idiots Inc. Yawn. A boring life.

To have an interesting life Calliope needs power. Primarily over herself and her immediate surroundings. This is a tremendous challenge.

What about Calliope's personal curiosities and impulses? How would she live if she had absolute freedom?

What does Calliope want?

I think the main thing is that she feels listless and disconnected, like she was born in the wrong place or the wrong time, like she fell off some wagon she didn’t know about. This is a classic Ugly Duckling type trope, and the starting point of every angsty teen / YA thing. I’m not averse to starting with the trope, I just want to go somewhere differently.

The "Ordinary Day"

What is the thing that Calliope really wants, before the world smashed into her? (How does it smash into her?)

I can work with what I’m familiar with. Music, arts. But I think her wanting to be an artist might be a little too predictable. I think I’ll have her wanting to be a technologist. I had a glimpse of that myself when I was a child and I’d like to explore that through Calliope.

Things I know about Calliope

She's experienced sexism, as all women invariably do.

She hasn't experienced outright sexual assault – that would be a bit of a cliché for me to work with, and it's not something I'm super good at. Rather, she has witnessed assault. She has had friends and peers that she enjoyed who suffered tremendously.

She’s funny. I don’t want her to be this brooding quiet type, like Bella or Anastasia. And she can’t be awfully serious. I think she has a sense of humour and gets in trouble for it. I’m thinking there’s a little bit of Fred/George in her.

At some point she’s going to comment about The Cool Girl, and the meta-problem to that.

She needs people to have conversations with, that’s how she thinks and figures stuff out.

She can’t understand people who feel strongly about things one way or another. This means that I’m going to have to introduce a character who feels very strongly about something, and they’re going to become some sort of interest / foil to her.

The Friend

Friendship – Calliope was bored and frustrated for most of her young life without quite having the vocabulary to articulate it. At some point she encountered someone else that she really admired. An older girl who seemed very much womanly. Brash, vulgar, cigarettes and alcohol. No tattoos though, because that would be too much of a stereotype. Crazy hair maybe. Some sort of Razorgirl. It would be interesting to contrast how Calliope’s friend gets portrayed compared to how Razorgirls are typically portrayed (Trinity from the Matrix, the silver-eyed girl from Neuromancer…).

For the time being maybe let’s use the name Thalia. Thalia was the goddess of festivity. I could spend a lot of time exploring the relationship between Calliope and Thalia. And I think my position here is that… the reader won’t know a lot about Thalia except through Calliope’s eyes. And through Calliope’s eyes, Thalia seemed like this wonderfully seductive escape from the drudgery of everyday life. Thalia was expressive, fun, larger than life. Bold. Confident. Aggressive. She seemed to know who she was, and she was probably the first person who treated Calliope like someone worthy of respect.

So Calliope would grow to idolize Thalia – not in a ridiculous, overblown, hero-worship way, but she’d just tag along. She was smart enough to know that she shouldn’t simply try to be like Thalia, but to be herself.

But eventually they ended up in conflict. There were times where Calliope would get on Thalia’s bad side, and Thalia could get really angry, really venomous. Maybe later on we’ll learn that Thalia had had a hard life, that she was some sort of oppressed minority maybe, subject to some sort of persecution – and so she became this slightly manic-depressive sort of person – very severe, very larger than life, capable of both incredibly kindness, softness, gentleness, and incredible cruelty. I really want the reader to appreciate that Thalia does things for Calliope that nobody else does, that Thalia does seem to provide care for Calliope that nobody else seems able to provide – at least in the Sector 7 Slum that Calliope lives in…

Huh. So that just introduced something about the setting. The sectors, of course, are from Final Fantasy 7. The city’s name was Midgard. If I’m going to be using names like Calliope and Thalia, then the Midgard equivalent should be Greek. Anyway I can figure out names later, I just need to move faster to kick up all the things that I want to kick up. It would be interesting to try and figure out why I thought about Sector 7. The point is that Calliope doesn’t have the support system that she needs in order to live her full life, to be her full person. I’m trying to think about what I’m trying to squeeze in here. I haven’t actually lived the street kid life, so I’m not sure if I can really do justice to Calliope being a street kid. Maybe Thalia is the street kid, and Calliope sort of comes from somewhere a little bit relatively sheltered but not too sheltered.

Ok I have to get to bed so let’s start listing out some questions that we’ll need to answer…

How is Calliope’s community organised? What role does race play in all of this? Because I think race is almost definitely going to come up. The fact that I’ve picked Greek names… I’m probably going to introduce characters of other races and religions. I might call it something else. The Greek name kids are the weirdos, the outcasts, at least slightly maybe. I’m just running with it here. There will be kids with Muslim-sounding names, there will be kids with Indian sounding names… I’ll try to avoid giving anybody traditional white names.

What is the world order? What is the maximum scale of everything? I probably shouldn’t try to force a limit… I won’t go beyond galactic, that’s for sure. Whatever happens, it happens within a single galaxy. Or does it? Lol. Let’s start with a human story on one planet, and if we want to get bigger and beyond that, we can later on, but not yet. This is like, say, Shepard’s backstory. I suppose I could do a “Calliope Shepard” fan fiction piece just to fiddle around and figure stuff out. But I don’t think Calliope is going to be a military figure. I don’t think she’s going to be working with guns or swords or things like that… is she? Is violence going to feature in this story? Yes, obviously. But what’s the law and order situation? How safe are people?

It’ll be impossible not to at least comment tangentially about the current state of Earth in 2017 – international relations, people being sheep and so on. I want my characters to be smart, like the characters in Ender’s Game. They have to make the best decisions they can, or at least try to.

[1] I specifically want to avoid a Star Wars type situation, where it's obviously a Hero's Journey, and it can't be called 'true sci-fi' because the science doesn't actually make much of a difference.  Perhaps I should list out my intended influences? Nope – that would be forcing it. I should just do what I’ve been doing – I wasn’t expecting Midgar to show up, but it did. So I should just keep going.


So what do I know so far. We have Calliope, Talia. A peer of Callie who's very different from her. And some sort of Tony Stark/Handsome Jack/Elon Musk type character, not sure if he's the big bad. He runs some corporation that's presumably exploitative... this corporation will probably be a proxy for Google, Amazon, Tesla, Shinra, Hyperion. This corporation needs to be different from the rest in order for the story to be interesting. It needs to do good things, it needs to be legitimately improving the world in some way. Maybe having just one corporation would be a little too simplistic.
 
Also need to think about the government. Natural resources. Religion. What do people believe? How are resources allocated? How developed is AI/magic? Maybe I need to learn from the corporation in Enders Game.
 
So Calliope starts out in some sort of boring suburban sort of setting, but something happens that makes her leave it. I don't think I can kill her parents off; that would be too lazy. Maybe she's raised by grandparents? Or if she's raised by her parents... what are their expectations for her? What is the cultural raga she inherits?
 
Think about Final Fantasy. Cloud's dad is never mentioned. He leaves his small town to join the army and become a SOLDIER. What happens to the protagonist from Lost Illusions? He borrows money from a friend, has a shitty relationship with his dad who low-key exploits him. But then he exploits his friend (brother in law?).
 
Terrangima- no mention of parents. Luke Skywalker's adopted parents die in a town razing. Terra's father was an Esper, her mother...? Died at childbirth? Died when the worlds got rifted apart?
 
What if the people in this world believed that God was a software engineer, or some sort of AI or programmer? "In the beginning there was the command line”… ah, Google says its Cryptonomicon. I should probably get around to reading that, so I don’t waste too much time trying to reinvent things that I can just adapt and remix.
 
What would be the name of the Musk character? Shall we give him a biblical name? That sounds fun. Bible character names for the evil folk. Solomon? David? Joshua? I’m thinking Solomon. There’s something semi-likeable about that name. I’ll probably also include folks like Elisha or Elijah, Jedediah, Obadiah, stuff like that. Maybe. We’ll see.
 
What else do I want to think about. Okay, so I have Callie, Talia, Solomon. Solomon might maybe have an annoying partner, associate or lackey named Saul.
 
What else? What about their respective families? And what about the peer of Callie that I haven’t figured out yet? I’m guessing that Callie generally has this sense of uncertainty, nervousness, doubt… somewhat Hamlet-ish in that regard. And so Callies friend would have to be someone oddly peaceful, oddly serene, seemingly a little naive, happy to ‘walk by faith and not by sight’. What would this person’s name be? I’d like a name that’s bordering on Muslim. In Ender’s Game, this character might’ve been Alai. Scrolling through a list of names, I quite like Afra. Maybe Ofra. Or Nawal, or Nawar. Salwa. Something a little bit subtle like that. But the character can’t be precisely Muslim, that would be a little too on the nose. They’re a little continental – I’m hearing words like Sufi and Rumi, even though I don’t really know those things / people very well.
 
Okay, we have a bunch of characters. What are the possible conflicts? Very often in stories the conflict is something that rises quite dramatically. Even in Harry Potter, in the first book, Voldemort has technically returned. There was an age of darkness before the start of the book, and we’re returning to it. In Mass Effect, it’s a routine mission and you find out that the end of the galaxy is pending. Something similar with Ender’s Game and the Contact wars. Star Trek was a series, and so we had a character just sort of… show up.
 
Okay, pause. I don’t actually need to get around to writing some major conflict driven novel from the get go. It’s tempting to go, oh yeah, this is my first novel, all done! But it would be much, much more sensible to write short stories. And short stories can be “star trek like”, or anime like – they don’t need to follow some epic existential risk type scenario; they can be filler episodes. And yeah maybe I should think about this like I’m writing for a TV show, or a weekly Medium series or something like that… something like Ray Bradbury’s Martian Chronicles maybe? The Callie Chronicles? I don’t have to write everything around these same few characters. But I could start with one for each of them, and then see what crops up in each of those short stories. Or chapters, rather. A book is made up of chapters, and each chapter is supposed to be a near-standalone reading experience.
 
It’s very tempting to sort of sit down and write elaborate biographies for each character… but I’m pretty sure that that would be a bad idea, somehow. Rather I need to think of interesting situations to put them into. What would they be good at? What would they be bad at? What are they happy about, proud of, embarrassed by? And is there a different set of questions I should be asking each character? This is the interesting part where I get to figure out what my process is for making these characters more precise. They’re already sort of ‘in the ether’, having perhaps coalesced from the source material in my mind. And now I have to get to know them. I might be able to ask one to introduce herself to me, I might have to interrogate another. I might have to spy on one. I might have to chat up another. Each character will probably have a preferred context, a natural element. And it will be interesting to throw them out of it. I should apply the Pixar Storytelling rules / filter to come up with something interesting.p
A friend's father passed away earlier today. I talked about him getting cancer in word vomit 0010. This is word vomit 0642.  0010 was in December 2012. It's now February 2017. The man battled cancer for 4 full years. I wasn't close to him, but he was just one of those figures that's sort of in the periphery of your life. I remember him as a man who was gracious, gentle and yet firm. He had a calming, grounding presence about him. He seemed to me to be a man who took care of business. I could respect that. It's sad to think that he's gone, but it's also heartening to know that the love he put into the world still lives on in his loved ones. And even in me, in a small way.

I got the news when I was sitting at a table with my colleagues, laughing and having coffee together at the end of a work week. It was an interesting, jarring experience for me to be in those two places at once. To glance at my phone and consider the profound sadness that my friend must've been feeling at the loss of his father – how thoroughly his universe must have been shaking and bleeding around him – and then to look up and see the smiles and laughter on my friends' faces. I chose to be still in that moment, to allow myself to be in both worlds at once. In life we are in death, all the time. We live in a social reality that hides this fact from us most of the time – unless we work in an emergency room, or a children's hospital, or as first responders. I think about this every so often when I'm on my daily commute, crushed against hundreds of other people. Surely, in the course of my day, I walk past people who are ticking time-bombs. We are all ticking time-bombs, of course, but some have far less time on the clock than others. I wonder how many know it, I wonder how many don't. I wonder how many people I've spoken to or made eye contact with who have died.

We're all going to die. We're all getting closer to death every single day. It doesn't always feel like it. It's so easy to be swept up in the currents of everyday life, to think that all sorts of little things are "important" when they're really not. It's really true – that one day you're going to get a phone call that the most important person in your life has died, and on that day you're going to realize how little anything actually matters. The only thing that truly, deeply matters is love. It's that we treat each other with kindness and respect and grace and decency. And again, these things are easy to talk about when we're in the mood for talking, when we're giving sermons, preaching to the choir. It's much harder to hold on to when everyday reality kicks your teeth in. [1]

I'm sure I've written about this several times over the course of these word vomits. The one that strongly comes to mind is when Lemmy Kilmister died, right before the wave of 2016 celebrity deaths that troubled so many people. I found myself reflecting and reminding myself – this is not a practice life. This is it. We're live. We're on air. Wherever you go, there you are. If you're not here for this moment of your life, you've missed this moment of your life. That's it, that's all there is to it. There are couple of other vomits circling around the same ideas – 0538 – red in tooth and claw is about how civilization is sanitized and cleaned up in a way that isn't representative of how death and decay is so much a part of life. And in 0637 – YOLO, I thought about how it would be a good idea to have some sort of regular tempo for reflecting and meditating on death, to think about the transience of all things.

I definitely feel like I don't do that enough. I don't slow down enough. And I don't want to slow down simply because I think slowing down is a sexy, high-status thing to do – I want to slow down because I think it'll help me appreciate life better, help me enjoy more out of life. I'm kind of hedonistic that way. I want to experience a wider, broader range of what life has to offer. 10 years of life should be different from 1 year of life repeated 10 times. I've already repeated myself 2-3 times in the past few years, I think. It's very important to me that I start doing things differently, I start appreciating life from newer perspectives. My current configuration has gotten stale, and that itself is a sort of minor death – the body is alive, the heart is beating, the nerves are firing, but the soul is disengaged. And by soul I mean the deep subconscious, the dark, watery subconscious where most things are going on most of the time.

The end of a life is a sad thing. We the living live amidst death, constantly. If nothing else, we should use death as inspiration to live harder, live with great fury and intensity. Live, damn it. Live.

[1] I'm thinking now about stories I've heard about stubborn old men who disown their children or family members to communicate disapproval, and then show up at their funerals as though that makes them 'a good person' in some way. Like they're finally willing to bury the hatchet... now that the other person is dead! That won't do. That reads like cowardice to me. If you're going to be so petty as to ignore someone while they're alive, then have the conviction to continue to ignore them upon their death. Making some sort of twisted exception for death (especially in view of others) doesn't make you a better person, it makes you an opportunist. I suppose I would have less of a bad opinion of people like this if they went to the wake(s) in private, or at least avoided making any comments. But if you go to the funeral of someone you ostracized, and then have something to say... that's pretty despicable.

Time passes incredibly fast. I was at work earlier, and it was maybe 530pm. Next thing I knew, it was 7pm, then 730. And I left. I got home. Worked out in my home gym for a while. And then it’s 930pm. So I shower and prepare to go to bed. I thought maybe I ought to write a word vomit before I slept. Hopefully I’d have been able to be done by 1030 or 1045, and be asleep by 11pm. But now it’s 1159pm and I’m only just starting to write this.
 
Clearly, I’m incredibly time-blind. [1] My sense of time passing is completely mistaken, mislaid.
 
I find myself wandering through the bookshelves of my mind, running my fingers along the various books and essays I’ve read about the nature of time. The book that features most prominently is A Sideways Look At Time by Jay Griffiths. She spoke eloquently, at her own pace, about the ills and perils of man’s obsession with colonising time the same way he’s colonised space – and how we all live in tidy little demarcations – 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 52 weeks a year. 9-5 jobs, 5 workdays a week, 10 days of leave a year. Public holidays that have become commercialised routines. Everything goes according to plan, everything is planned to bits, calendars are filled out in 15 minute intervals. The Earth itself is not precise enough for man, with its imperfect rotation requiring the addition of leap days and seconds every 4 years.
 
I’m not sure where I stand on this. I think there are a few points on a continuum [2]. At one end, we have a sort of total idleness and indifference to time, which few people ever really get to experience. Getting to that state either requires a sort of renouncement of everyday life – becoming a nomadic wanderer type, a wildling –or it requires (I think) having a substantial amount of resources. Fuck You Money. What that precise $ amount is, isn’t quite so clear. But when you get to that state, then yeah maybe you can really operate entirely on your own internal rhythm.
 
Internal rhythm. Now that’s a phrase I hadn’t thought about when I started writing this. I was just thinking, what is up with me? Why is time passing me by so quickly? Why is so little getting done, and why do I feel a little bit neurotic about it? I feel like I should be more productive, like I should carve up my time into little blocks and then get very specific things done in those little boxes.
 
And there’s a part of me that’s very against all of that. Like there’s a part of me with a death wish of some sort, wilfully just refusing to follow orders, to obey, trying to sabotage almost everything I do. Some literature has pointed out that this saboteur is really just fear, trying to maintain stasis, trying to keep things familiar, avoid anything challenging or difficult. And I know in my life that too much stasis is basically death. You can get too comfortable with any one thing, and too much comfort is also basically death. I need to get myself uncomfortable.
 
And yet at the same time I find myself feeling chronically, deeply, spiritually tired. So I gotta run through my checklist. How is my sleep? It’s okay, I think. How is my exercise? Ah, I haven’t been exercising as much as I should. So I hit the bench press earlier today, and I do feel better in a ‘deep physical way’ – I mean, under my skin, the engine seems to be purring. What about diet? I think I’m eating okay. I don’t think I’m drinking too much coffee. What about hydration? I’m drinking water, but probably not enough. What next? I need to be doing these vomits regularly and get them out of my system, because they’re cathartic. It doesn’t matter if I don’t reach the end-goal with tremendous perfection. I just need to get there, and then I can drop.
 
But gosh, I do think I need a bigger break. I think I need to get away from home and go somewhere else, maybe by myself. I took a break last year around Christmas-time, and I mostly spent it just lounging around the house for a week and a half. I didn’t get a lot done. A part of me regrets that, feeling like I wasted my time off. A part of me felt like lounging was precisely what I needed. But it’s been barely two months later and I’m already feeling lethargic and listless. I’ve gotten a lot better at dealing with lethargy and listlessness – I can function despite it – but I also think the point is to get to a state where I’m NOT lethargic and listless. Like, that’s just not how life should be.
 
The wife’s got 3.5 weeks left to go on her course, which involves both of us waking up really early and leaving home together, and neither of us having much energy to do things around the house when we get home. It does make me appreciate the amount of time and energy she spent every day just keeping shit in order – laundry and dishes alone can be massive timesinks. But they can also be time spent watching good videos or listening to good podcasts, so I’m not so sure.
 
What I do need – what I do remember thinking was – that it’s important to fix the little things. To be mindful, and to make changes to the small things that repeat themselves.
 
[1] I’ve written about this before I’m sure, but lately I’ve been thinking it’s not so bad if I repeat myself. I’ve clearly developed a more coherent voice. I write with bolder, cleaner strokes now. It’s worth repeating myself if things get clearer, more succinct, more punchy.
 
[2] And as I write this I wonder about where the metaphor of a continuum comes from, where I inherited that, and what the alternative metaphors might’ve been.
Some of the best and most interesting conversations I've ever had have been with my boss, who has more experience and perspective than me. I find it helpful sometimes to reflect on the things he's said that didn't seem immediately obvious or intuitive to me. Off the top of my head, some of these ideas are...

"Maybe you should find new friends / hang out with better people."
"What exactly are your desired end-states?"
"What's stopping you from getting what you want? Why isn't X happening?"
"Isn't that entirely within your control?
"What is your system of doing things? Everybody has a system, whether they articulate it or not."
"If you want to achieve great things, you have to become a person who insists that shit gets done."
"The hardest thing is really managing your own psychology."

I want to reflect on that last particular point. The way I think about it is this – every person has some amount of resource available to them. It's a very limited resource – and as I get older I'm beginning to see how this resource is far scarcer than I ever let myself believe.

For over a decade, I've been buying into my own bullshit that I have a vast amount of energy just waiting to be unlocked, waiting to be tapped into. The longer I'm around, the longer it becomes clear that that just simply isn't the case. There are vanishingly few magical days where I crank out hour after hour of incredibly productive work.

This is a painful and uncomfortable truth for me to internalize, and when I look back on my life I think it becomes obvious that I run away from this truth whenever I can. But I'm getting older and I'm getting tired of lying to myself, I'm getting tired of avoiding the truth. The quote from Ray Dalio comes to mind – success happens when you engage honestly with life's truths, and failure happens when you avoid them. (Precise quote: success is a matter of accepting and successfully deal with the realities of your life.)

So a reality of my life is that things don't get done unless I'm really focused, and I don't have a lot of focus – if focus was a muscle, I'm incredibly unfit. I often feel like a fraud when I show up to work – I feel like I'm pretending to be somebody I'm not, like I'm wearing a mask. I'm faking my way through everything, saying and doing whatever it takes to just get through each interaction. And this is despite having one of the best working environments imaginable. I don't want to get into too many details there except to emphasize that this is entirely on me, this is entirely a function of my weaknesses and failings and failures. And I don't want to dwell on those, either – I want to focus on building strength and power.

I have made some breakthroughs in my life. They feel like they're too few and far between, so I need to do them more. The most recent ones were with exercise and cooking, and in bits and pieces about being accountable and responsive at work. I'm still nowhere as high-functioning or as professional as I want to be. Okay, so what's stopping me from doing that? It's not a lack of knowledge. My mind is a junkyard of tonnes and tonnes of information, and I know how to search for the things that I want.

I think the #1 missing thing from my life is a sort of efficient central engine that keeps me on track. I alluded to this myself 4 years ago when I wrote "productivity apps fill buckets when they should be lighting fires" – my point there was that I wasn't sufficiently lighting a fire under my own ass. A conversation I have with one of my friends over and over again is that I wish I had a peer that I really admired – not a mentor (though I suppose I could always use more of those), but a peer – something like a Lennon-McCartney, Axl-Slash, Tolkien-Lewis relationship. Somebody who would challenge me to be better, who I could challenge in turn. And I'm starting to think that maybe the reason I don't have someone like that in my life is that I don't meet the criteria. A great peer isn't looking for someone she needs to prop up, she's looking for someone she finds intrinsically inspiring. And so I need to become intrinsically inspiring. I need to manage my psychology well enough that I naturally have a fire inside my belly.

It's a little bit sad to think about how much less idealistic I've become over the last 4-5 years, but those feelings are just feelings. I can wallow in them, or I can just acknowledge them and then use them to inform my next decisions. I'm still only 26 years old. I could still turn this ship around and have a great decade ahead of me. Sometimes I feel like I'm not going to live very long, like I'm going to die at 35 or 40 or something. I don't know why I have that feeling, I just do. I feel this sense of urgency. There's a strange thing about having a ton of urgency in your mind and yet simultaneously being totally still and totally distracted. It's probably best exemplified by the phrase "deer in headlights". That's been me for 20 years and it just won't do anymore. I have to cut that shit out. I'm going to finish up my vomit then I'm going to throw myself into just slashing through all of my tasks in my Todo list.

I need to manage my psychology. I need to be in charge of motivating myself, finding purpose, orienting myself, deciding what needs to happen next, getting things done and earning my own respect. Becoming proud of myself. I'm going to go for a run in about 45 minutes once I'm done with a few tasks. I have a good life, one of the better ones by far. I can do a lot better than I'm currently doing. I believe that to be true. But what I need to focus on is taking the next step. Lots and lots of little steps. I believe it.
I was talking with a friend a while ago about the idea that we all have within us a consciousness that is 'deeper' and 'greater' than our 'normal everyday self'. The everyday self is a sort of shell. It’s an interface that we create, one that’s consistent and coherent and relatively simple. We do it to make it easier for other people to interact with us. We need to be a certain way when we’re on a crowded train, or when we’re buying food from a crowded market.
 
I’m thinking now about how some people complain about how everybody else is only talking about small talk – “i’m so tired of small talk, why don’t you tell me about your hopes and dreams and fears and about whether your believe in aliens or an afterlife or god” and so on. And in a sense that might be a sort of virtue-signalling, a way of saying “look at me, I think big interesting thoughts, I’m not a small-minded person like all the sheeple”.
 
But also at the same time I’m not so sure how receptive people are to thinking and talking about “big things” all the time. I had this idea for an app called “BigTalk”, which is like chat roulette but everybody is primed to talk about “big things”, like what your dreams are, what your relationship with your parents is like, do you want to have children, what would you do if money was no object… actually as I reflect on this I still think like it might be a decent idea. But I’m a little bit bored about the idea of it, for some reason. And I suppose it’s because as I get older I feel like I’ve heard it all before. I’m thinking about having watched Tony Robbins “I Am Not Your Guru”, and how all these people were speaking their truth, and their values, and who they were, what they really felt, and it all seemed a little… vacuous? I don’t mean to say that they were fake or lying or anything like that. I mean that ultimately maybe we’re all striving for the same sort of thing, like there’s a limited set of human values and that we don’t differ very much from it. It’s not really possible to be original in that regard. Nobody can say anything truly new, and even if they could, how interesting or useful could it be?
 
I think that I have less interest in big picture talk, but I’m saying that while I’m sitting at home on my laptop. When I’m given the chance to discuss it with a teenager – when younger people come to me with questions – I do leap at the opportunity to help out, to be useful. And maybe to preach a little. I suppose that’s what all older people do, to some degree. It’s a challenge to focus on them and to ask them questions and ask them what they think and what they What am I interested in, then?
 
I want to see things get done. I want to see things get built. I’m not so interested in the little details on a day to day basis. Maybe I’m being a little naive or I’m missing out on something – I’m sure that I haven’t completely run dry, that there’s always the possibility of somebody saying something or showing me something that blows my mind, that fills my heart, that makes me feel something magnificent. But I’m not so sure if I can get that out of reading a passage, or out of watching a video, or something like that… god this sounds so much more cynical than I want to be. But all of this is temporary I’m sure. What I’m trying to get at i that things need to change. The environment needs to change. There’s no point singing hippie kumbayah songs in a circle and hugging trees and whatnot and then going on to destroy the goddamn planet. Feelings are all very touching but THEN WHAT? What next? What happens next? What concrete things are going to happen, are going to change? How is the world going to be better? What gaping hole are we going to put into the ground?
 
I want more out of my life. So much more. I want to meet more people. I want to read new things. I want to learn new things. A while ago my big limiting factor was my inability to cook. Now I can cook. My next big limiting factor is the way I think about my time and money. I need to get good at scheduling. I need to get good at budgeting. I need to look at my money in a much more fine-grained way, the way I’ve learned to deal with chicken breasts and steaks and minced beef and tuna. I need to start spending money to build things that I want to build. I need to build out my blogs. I need to finish this word vomit project ASAP. I need to hire writers for the Statement blog. I need to do book reviews of LKY’s book and all the other civil servant books because goddamnit nobody else is doing it!
 
If I feel tired and bored and annoyed and frustrated with the world, it’s because of my lack of imagination, my lack of perspective, my lack of physical skill and technical know-how. I need to stop looking at cars going by and cross the fucking road. I need to Get Things Done goddamnit, one little thing at a time, one thing after another, more, more, more. I need to get addicted to that feeling. I need to measure my self-worth according to the amount of work that I ship – and I know that sounds a little bit workaholicy– I can balance that by also working out and socialising with people. I just want a bigger life. I feel like I’m ready for it. It just needs me to fucking burst everything open and just spill the paint everywhere, and then mess it up and get it wrong and then do it again and again and again. It’s always so easy to be excited as fuck in the middle of the night when it’s 1:17am. The challenge is to hold that excitement with you throughout the day. To be excited again and again. To excite yourself. To move fast and break things.
I was working late yesterday when I found out about NASA's discovery – that there are 7 exoplanets orbiting a dwarf star ~40 light years away from our solar system. I found myself very happy at the discovery. I was pleased. I was delighted. I was excited. It stimulated a part of me that hasn't been stimulated in quite a while. And I felt light, and a sense of joy and gratitude.

The next day, right before I was going to call it a night and go get showered, I discovered that Radiohead had finally recorded True Love Waits. Every recording I've heard before was a taping of a live show. There was one that I liked – the quality wasn't amazing, but there was a desperate earnestness about it that really always hit me right in the chest. And I hadn't listened to that in quite a while, either. So I listened to both, one after another. And I went to shower, and now I'm in bed, with the lights off, with my laptop, listening to the new song. And I have feelings. I feel grateful. I feel old(er). I feel a sense of the passage of time – how there are neurons in my brain that still hold on to these old ideas and memories, after all these years. I must've first learned about Radiohead when I was 13 or 14. I can't have been older than 15 when I first heard True Love Waits. And now it's been more than 10 years later. I'm married. I've been working for a few years. But there's still a certain peace that comes over me from listening to this. I'm not sure why exactly. And I'm not sure if it's particularly knowable. But I know that I'd like to sit in this space and continue listening to it, and to see what happens next.

The thought that seems to be coming to me is "it's okay". What's okay? Everything is okay. You don't need to win. You don't need to be famous. You don't need to defend and protect yourself from the judgements of others. You COULD, but the cost of being isolated under all that armor is higher than the cost of just getting hurt. There are probably some exceptions to this – like sometimes if you're hurting bad, then it makes perfect sense to put on some armor for your own safety. You shouldn't have to justify your choice – it's your choice. You get to deide what you want to do within the limited set of options we have.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your outdated ideas about what need to happen next, how your trip needs to unfold in order for you to have a good time. Your trip is your trip. There are going to be surprises (both pleasant and unpleasant). And here while listening to Radiohead on YouTube I find some beauty in the comments – everything is more complicated than you think, life is the most infinitesimal, precious thing and yet we spend it anxious, stressed, tired, in agony. Life should be ecstasy, or it should at least have ecstatic moments.

I feel like I want more out of life, but I also simultaneously want to be less attached to outcomes and be more at peace with who i am in the given moment. I need to be more mindful. I need to be more present. I need to be less swept away by the noise and hustle and bustle of the moment, and find my own inner calm. I'm halfway there right now, drifting off to sleep before I even finish this word vomit.

So I gotta stay up long enough to finish this train of thought. And I've learned from reading my old material that it's a bad idea to try and cover multiple ideas all at once. Better to just focust on one thing and cover that as thoroughly as you can, even if you think you're wasting your time and you could do more. This isn't about your feelings as a writer. This is about what will be your experience later on when you're reading it, when you're trying to process it. At some point you're going to have to cut off limbs so that the body can survive. When you're in that situation, you don't want to be overflowing with limbs.

// nothing goes as planned
everything will break
people say goodbye
in their own special way //

I feel like I'm done but I should circle back around and do some meta-commentary. I think it's good to be able to feel sad from time to time. I think it's good to cry from time to time. I think I don't cry enough. I think I don't feel sad enough, and I think that's what eventually puts me into a sort of depressive state when I get into one. It's a lack of warmth, lack of discharging of stress and feelings, a lack of catharsis. A human must make time for himself or herself. The way I'm currently spending my weekends is wrong. I can't just keep trying to force myself to do things when I need some novelty, I need some change. I need to get out of the house. I need more time by the Esplanade, from time to time. I could do with more of the occasional coffee. I could schedule that with myself every week; why not? What's stopping me?

Nothing. Nothing. I'm in my own way. My cup is too full for me to fill it with something better. I need to practice emptying my cup. Simultaneously, I need to have faith that it will be okay. I am not a child any more. I am able to get some things done. Yes I will make some mistakes, but mistakes are survival. I can let go of my shame. I am proud to make mistakes, because it means that I am making decisions. I'm going to learn to love and enjoy the pain, because I treat myself with mercy and kindness and love. And true love waits.
Would be nice to be able to complete a word vomit right now before I got to bed. Let's run through a quick status update.

I slept quite late last night after having a long conversation with the wife. I do not ever regret this, even if it means that I'm sleepy and groggy at work the next day. I think one should always make it a point to prioritize a good conversation about an important relationship whenever it comes up.

I've been feeling a little anxious and stressed lately because I've been feeling a little overwelmed with all of the commitments and obligations I have. I definitely have more on my plate than I've ever had, so it's important to be as balanced as I can. I really need to zoom out, see the big picture, let some things fail, and systematically make the best decisions that I can. Right now it does feel like finishing a word vomit would be a good idea. Then I'll need to go to bed.

I've been doing something on Facebook that I'm quite happy with. I try to write a mini-essay in a moderate amount of time – either when I'm buying a cup of coffee early in the morning, or when I'm commuting to work, or when I'm buying coffee near work (if I didn't buy it earlier in the morning). I try to write about something that's on my "to write" list. A lot of those items have been sitting there for months if not years. And so it's very satisfying to get them out of my system. I'm already beginning to think of what I'm going to write over the next few days, and how I'm going to use the constraint of "I only have a few minutes to talk about this, I'll elaborate on it if people respond to it but otherwise I'm just going to lay out my starting thoughts and leave it at that".

Another thing I'm happy about is the idea of having a bookmark on my Chrome that points to my blog, it solves a problem I've had for some time – how do I keep myself interested in reading my own material? The idea of starting all over from 1 was tedious and annoying to me – I had already read the first 10-100 vomits over and over again. Random allows me to hop back and forth. I thought I would have to to use some sort of plugin to get it, but turns out that ?random works for (seemingly) all wordpress blogs.

What's next? I'm very excited about the prospect of being able to go through my "to write" list by writing status updates on Facebook. I feel like my friends are supportive of it, which is something I'll admit I was a bit worried about. Which maybe brings me to the main thing I might want to talk about. I realize that I have an actual real fear of asking people for what I want. I've somehow been trained or conditioned over the years to think that it's bad to ask for things. I know it sounds a little weird or silly coming from me – a lot of people assume that I'm this very extroverted, assertive person – but I'm really only that way with words. I was never really "social". I found an explanation that made sense to me – the idea is that kids who grow up reading books more than talking with other kids end up developing 'unwonted interiority' – we spend 'too much time' in our own heads. Of course there's no such thing as an optimal amount of time, it all depends on what you want out of life, and what sort of person you are. Some people drive themselves mad with their internal lives but also end up producing the most amazing art. Is that what I want? I don't think it's so binary. I think it's possible to have a reasonably healthy life and also make good art.

I want to make good art. I want to write. I want to create. I believe that I have greatness within me that needs to come out. I still believe that. I just need to do the work. I can't see the entire staircase, but I am confident that my confusion and lack of answers is a strength, not a weakness. I have high standards and I'm difficult to satisfy. I just need to live with the discomfort and work through it.

That's a common motif for a lot of things in life. Once you're clear about what you want, you have to learn to live with the discomfort and work through it. This isn't universal advice – sometimes when you feel pain, you should stop, because it means that you're hurting yourself. With music, you want to practice with perfect form and then stop when your form starts failing, because you don't want bad form to be a part of your playing. I wonder if the same applies to life in general. I think it's quite likely.

I was thinking to myself on the way home earlier today that I was feeling some sugar cravings. And I marvelled for a while at how a body can have some very real cravings. Is it the body or is it the mind? It's not all in the mind. It's all connected. And I know so little about it. I know so little about how I feel. I spend all my time inside my head but definitely not enough time in my body.

Anyway. I think I'm making progress. It's not as linear as I'd like, but I find myself circling around the right things, and returning to the things that matter. I'll be turning 27 this year, so I think I have to definitely have to make some changes. The time for doubting and uncertainty is diminishing – there will always be some, but I think I've learned enough about myself to be able to make some projections with confidence. I think I can settle on what I have on my plate and really just work hard at it for the next 3 years or so. And I really look forward to meeting the end of this project – meeting the person I will be at the end of it. Can't wait.

(I started this a few days ago, I'm going to finish it now.)

I was watching a video by Ramit Sethi over dinner earlier. I can't remember when I first encountered Ramit, but I remember that when I did, I thought he seemed a little sleazy and unlikeable. I think it was probably something to do with the title "I Will Teach You To Be Rich", which seemed presumptuous and bullshitty. But over time, the more I've encountered him, the more I've found that he has a pretty compelling style and approach to things. I particularly like the way he constantly asks questions on Twitter.

Anyway – the takeaway I was getting from reading his material and watching a couple of his videos (I don't know if this is the main thing he was trying to communicate, but it was what was already on my mind)  was the title of this post – which is that if you're not beating a fear, you're hiding from it. I'm thinking now about some other person's point about how, if you simplify greatly, there are only two emotions – fear and love – and everything else is just derivative of that. It kind of makes sense. Love is tied with gratitude, fear is tied with anxiety and paranoia and what-have-you. I'm thinking now also about Chris Hadfield's TED talk, which opened with "what is the scariest thing you've ever done". He talked about how a person might overcome their fear of spiders by first doing the research and then deliberately walking through spider webs, deliberately handling spiders, and how that would then allow them to function in nature more comfortably. Fears, he pointed out, are often irrational and hold us back from living a fuller and more complete life.

Now I find myself thinking about this video I saw of this lady trying to confront a different fear each day for a 100 days (or something like that). And I remember how heartening it was to watch, how quickly we root for somebody who's doing something like that. Now I'm thinking of the TV show Fear Factor, and how that was so compelling to watch. Those fears were very physical and concrete – fear of creepy crawlies, fear of gross food, fear of heights, and so on. But I think the real Fear Factor that we all live every day is far more insidious. Fear of being forgotten. Fear of failure. Fear of being ostracized, mocked, laughed at, cast out. Fear of disappointing others. Fear of guilt and shame. Fear of not measuring up, not being good enough, not being worthy of love and affection. All of these things sound a little silly and superficial when you write them down in a text editor while you're lying in bed on a saturday night, but the reality of it is so insidious. What is stopping me from living a better life? What is stopping me from turning my life into a canvas that I then paint with all sorts of beautiful, interesting and exciting things? Fear! Fear is the primary thing holding me back. It's easy to write it up as all sorts of technical things – I don't know this, I don't know that, I'm too tired, I'm too broke, I have too many commitments... but at the heart of it is always fear. And fear has to be faced head on. You have to introduce yourself to your fears. You have to say YES, hello, I am afraid of you, but I am going to face you anyway, and I am going to win.

A life where we run away from our fears is not very interesting. It's not very compelling. It's quite sad. We turn to cigarettes and alcohol and distractions and video games because we are afraid. I mean, those are not all necessarily horrible coping mechanisms – a little bit is always nice from time to time – but if you're honest with yourself and you take the time to really breathe, meditate, pay attention to yourself and your life, it should be clear what you're afraid of.

When I say you I'm talking to myself, of course. I can't speak on behalf of anybody else. I've encountered some people in my life who seem pretty fearless. Or they're really good at managing their fears. Chris Hadfield is an obvious one. Malala Yousafzai comes across as incredibly fearless.

It's interesting also to think about the fear profiles of other people in your life who might have made your own life difficult. Think about what your parents, your spouse, your in-laws are afraid of. What are your friends afraid of? Surely everybody is living in some kind of fear. The great fear of course is death, the inevitable unknown. Sometimes I almost think that I look forward to death, because it'll allow me to say "You know what, fuck this shit, none of this shit matters, none of it ever did, it was all one big joke, one big laugh, the universe entertaining itself" – and as I write this I find myself wanting to say "I wouldn't recommend it tbqh", but I can't stand by that thought. Well, I don't know what the alternatives are. Perhaps there's a parallel universe out there that's way more amazing than this one. We'll never know. What I do know is that the current life I'm living is definitely shaped by my fears, and that is not something that I enjoy.

As I was getting to this point I wanted to remind myself to think about childhood fears. And young-man fears. I remember being afraid of my parents. Being afraid of school. Being afraid of looking bad in the eyes of my peers, being afraid of losing friends. I distinctly remember being afraid that I wouldn't be able to get a job that I liked, that I was going to be stuck in some shitty dead-end job and turn into some rambling old man that nobody liked. I remember being afraid of food, being afraid to cook, being afraid to do squats with heavy weights, being afraid to run. All of those things are fears that I can face and conquer. And I think maybe if big, audacious goals might be a form of escapism, then a small but potent goal is this: to face my fears one at a time, and conquer them decisively like a boss.

The title is a title of a book by Marcel Proust. I believe I first heard of it while reading something by Nassim Taleb – probably The Black Swan. Apparently it was a very influential novel, published in France in the 1910s and 1920s. I haven't read the book, but I have read what others have written about it. It seems to be a book about a narrator reflecting on the passage of time, on the nature of memory. Virginia Woolf was a fan. I find myself thinking of Christopher Nolan, who I think is a modern-day version of someone who contemplates such issues and perspectives.

I'm talking about this I think because I feel like I'm getting older and like I don't have a lot to show for it. Isn't this the age where you're supposed to be partying, supposed to be adventuring and so on? I experience a sort of wistful longing for the life that I've not led. I try to talk to other people who've led alternate lives, and I do find that basically everybody feels the same way. Everybody wonders if they're on the right path. Everybody worries about the mistakes they might be making. Well not everybody, but everybody that I care about and relate to, for sure.

A colleague has mentioned to me a couple of times over the years that 27 tends to be the year that you really wisen up and go "oh shit, I'm a full adult, I'm responsible for myself and my life, I can't be a drifter any more". I'm 3 months away from being 27. I recall writing similar-ish blogposts about myself at ages 16, 18, 20, 21, 25 – every year is a year where you're supposed to grow up a little, be more mature, be kinder, more gracious, more responsible, more competent, more of a genuine gift to the world. I refuse to be a person who turns 30 and is still listless, lost and confused about life. Of course, you don't want to have a fake sort of confidence – that's exactly what leads to a terrible midlife crisis. If I contemplate my life strategy so far, it might be fair to say that I've basically been elaborately trying to avoid running into a mid-life crisis. Which I think happens when you've been buying into a certain narrative that you're sold – you assume certain things about how life is going to be, what is going to make you happy or fulfilled – and then after 20 years or so of that, you've been so invested in something, and you start to worry that it wasn't quite right for you... and so you start to freak out and try to make some sort of drastic change at that point. Get divorced, quit your job, buy a sports car...

Yeah. So I've always been very skeptical of the straight path that most people seem to accept quite naturally. I don't know if it's because I'm some sort of 'natural misfit' that could just never do it, or if it was the way I was raised, or if it was the books that I read... probably some weird loop of all of the above, feeding on itself. I still remember being incredibly uncomfortable in Junior College. I'm probably misremembering it somehow that I'm older, but it seems to me now that it seemed to me then to be quite the farce. I think I had a snowball's hope of getting into law (3-5%), and hoped to get into media (mass comm) or political science (NUS or SMU). It didn't really occur to me that you could do really well, get a scholarship and study abroad. On retrospect, if I could live my life over, maybe that's something I'd have aspired towards. I didn't personally have any close family or friends who advocated for that, most seem to set their sights on local Uni. But again I might be misremembering all of this.

Where was I going with this?

At the highest level I just wanted to reflect on the passage of time, and how things change, and how things are so fragmented and multi-layered and multi-faceted, and how we remember remembering things, and we misremember things as we go. Sometimes I get the thought that I'm not going to live very long; like I'm going to get cancer or some other weird disease and die at 40 or something. I'd like to make it to at least 110 so I can live to see the year 110. But every day is a privilege, every moment is a miracle and I don't want to take any of it for granted.

I find myself reflecting on my youth more and more these days. What was I trying to do as a kid, as a pre-teen, as a teenager, as a young adult? Where am I going with everything? What is my mind trying to wrap around, if it is at all? How are things going to change, how am I going to see things differently? What is going to surprise me? I think the big looming spectre is "parenthood" – do I want to be a dad? I actually feel like I'd be quite okay with it either way. If I don't end up spawning my own little humans, I think I'd still find ways to get involved and help out with younger people's lives – maybe foster kids at some point. At the same time, I have been feeling antsy about the fact that I haven't done much travelling in my life. I've been mostly busy trying to stay employed. I don't think I regret that. But I think I want more out of my life moving forward, and so I have to be a lot more deliberate about how I do whatever I do.

I wonder how I'll feel reading this stuff a decade or two from now. I wonder if this project will be something I just lock away in the digital attic, or if it's something I'll revisit. I think I'll enjoy hitting 'random post' from time to time.
I was writing a blogpost for work earlier today – and during my research phase I found myself effectively plotting the outline for something that could've been 10,000 words or more. This amused me. I've been writing blogposts for work for 4 years now, and yet I haven't figured out a simple, sticky system for making sure that a blogpost is properly designed for reader consumption. This strikes me as a glaring flaw in my skillset that ought to be fixed.

When I think about this I realize that this is a symptom of a much bigger problem I've had all my life – my inability to make good projections about things. Lots of people post on Twitter and Tumblr and Reddit about how they have similar problems, but that doesn't mean that everybody has the same problem – there's a selection bias there. [1]

Anyway, the point is that I really ought to fix this problem in order to live a better life. A lot of the stress in my life comes from bad planning, from saying yes to things that I cannot handle, from drawing up projects and scopes in my head that are far bigger than necessary – often perhaps because it's never clear to me what "enough" is. I'm recalling know a funny-sad conversation I had with my wife about work, when she asked me "how do you know when you're done? what does done mean?" and I didn't have an answer. I suppose in the absence of an answer, the real always was "I'm done when I'm utterly exhausted, when I've overshot the deadline and I've disappointed myself and everybody who was foolish enough to give me any semblance of responsibility."

This is not a way to live. Life is too short to be spent agonizing internally about things that the world doesn't actually care about. [2] [3]

So (and I'm certain I've said this before in a much earlier vomit, but it bears repeating) I need to get in the habit of delivering on what was initially promised. A problem here is that initial promises are often vague. So I need to take into account the amount of time and resources I have to get any particular thing done. A decent blogpost on any given topic shouldn't have to be more than 1,000 words. It shouldn't have to quote more than 10 people. Once you get into that territory you're working on something more substantial. Which is fine, but you need to be clear with yourself that that's what you're doing.

I find myself thinking now about Carl Zimmer's point, about how writing is like building a ship in a bottle. You do a ton of research and reading, and you have all that information in your head about everything there is to know about a topic – but then you try to start writing and you're stuck in all sorts of contortions, because it's simply impossible to convey that much information one word at a time in a series of a few thousand words. All the research really lets you do is figure out the story that you want to tell. And that story is necessarily going to be a mere shadow of what's inside your head. You have to be okay with that, really early on. And you have to be prepared to discard and start over.

I believe there's a school of thought in programming or some form of project management that you should plan to throw your first iteration away, since you're probably going to end up having to do it anyway. This reduces the stress and anxiety you'll have when trying to figure out precisely when you should start over. Da Vinci said that all art is merely abandoned, never finished. But this process of abandonment shouldn't have to be so agonizing. As creatives we should know how to be ruthless without breaking our hearts at every single instance of iteration.

I haven't been writing as many word vomits as I'd like, as frequently as I'd like. I still haven't quite figured out how I'm supposed to feel about it. A part of me feels that I should obviously be shipping at least one vomit a day, however bad it gets. That's the professional thing to do, and I want to be professional. So I'm not going to make excuses for that. I'm just going to describe how it feels to do it, so that I can understand my situation better and subsequently (I hope) perform better as well. The reason I'm slow with publishing vomits is because I'm not clear about the scope of what I should be writing in a given vomit. Sometimes it feels like I'm almost always writing inside my head, even when I'm not writing in a text editor or on pen and paper. That "writing" happens in a very subconscious way – just ideas moving around inside my head, shuffling back and forth, almost imperceptibly. I don't actually know what is going on. But if I sit down with the word processor, I feel stuck.

(Is this true? Is this really true? How often do I really sit down with the intention of writing? I think I might be making excuses for myself here. I think if I really sit down – if I tell myself that I need to write something in half an hour's time or else – then I'll have something lined up inside my head. What I do know is that this process makes demands of the subconscious.)

So I do need to sit down and write every day. At least going through the process of a thousand words a day I think gives me a sense of what can be achieved in a few minutes in a given space. Anyway, tonight I'm hoping to crank a few out. It's now 840pm. Let's go.

[1] People with our specific problem seem to have a propensity to talk about the problem that we have. And we dominate online conversational spaces, so we're definitely overrepresented. You don't hear from the people who are quietly going about their lives, getting shit done. All conversational space is dominated by edge cases – you never see "dog bites man" as a headline, only "man bites dog". And so it's easy to infer, erroneously, that there are all sorts of epidemics of dog-biting men.

[2] And the world cares about some really silly things, too. But you get the idea.

[3] I've enjoyed the past couple of uses of footnotes. My mind has a habit of thinking divergently and exploring those offshoots of thought. This sometimes leads to something better than what I had originally set out to do. But it more often than not leads to a lot of frustration and anxiety.

Commute vomit! I haven't done one of these in a while. I find myself feeling like I don't have enough time. Time is the most precious resource and I still constantly feel like it's slipping through my fingers. This needs to change. I know there were several vomits earlier where I wrote about this. I always hope that I won't have to write more about time management, but this problem isn't going to go away by itself.

It isn't rocket science, it's really quite straightforward. There are only so many hours in a day. Only so many things I can accomplish. I spend too much time being scatterbrained, and then rushing to get things done in a frenzied panic as deadlines and obligations loom. This is no way to live. I do not want to live this way in my 30s. I was hoping I would have solved this by 25. I'll be turning 27 in 3 months. I'm already overdue. This is a sign for concern.

Let's work through these things a day at a time, an hour at a time. It's now 515pm. I'm on the train on the way home. I will reach home around 615 to 630pm. I often spend my commutes on social media, which I think is a suboptimal use of my time. Rarely do I encounter anything truly useful or compelling. It's just a mindless habit that's easy and distracting. I would much rather put in a little effort and get some writing done. Which is what I'm doing now, and it feels good.

So what am I going to do when I get home? My wife is going to be working late tonight so I have time to myself. I should get dinner and then I should get down to work.

I know I should spend some time processing my todo list. There's a lot on it, much of it unprocessed, and when that happens I tend to avoid it, and the feeling of avoidance builds this unsettling sensation in me. "Browsing imgur stressfully", as someone once put it.

I don't want to do that any more. My external reality might be relatively "fixed" (and it's actually very changeable!), but I can definitely change the way I interpret it, make sense of it, navigate it. The first thing is to make my workspace more legible. I have notebooks and a whiteboard and multiple apps. It's always tempting to "let's do everything this time", but really I should start with what's urgent and due, stuff that I owe other people, that's pending. And I should quickly decompose that into digestible next steps. Break it, break it down. And then start tracking how much I accomplish each day. There is some wisdom in the whole "how much did you do today" logic, despite its flaws. My eternal fantasy is to be able to be completely free, but I know that professionals who are good at improvising get good by being very deliberate about how they practice. So I need to make deliberate practice a part of my life. There's always that silly paradox there- if you're not good at being deliberate to begin with, how do you institute a new habit? Maybe you just have to give it all you got. That's only one part of the equation though, obviously. You don't want to be pushing a pull door. So you need to commit to small things. I keep delaying my workouts because I keep wanting everything to be aligned. But things rarely align the way you want them. You have to do them anyway. Waiting for the right mood is a trap.

60% done with the vomit and I'm halfway through my commute. See, this can work. So why haven't I been writing a vomit on my commute everyday? Because I vaguely recall writing half-written vomits that don't get finished, and then being frustrated with having to navigate all these half-formed thoughts.

I just caught myself wanting to switch tabs to something more stimulating. And then I stopped myself. This urge to switch tasks when things get a little uncomfortable or boring - it has its uses, but I also really need to be able to master it. I need to be able to finish what I start, even if the finished product isn't all that great. I need to be more comfortable sharing shitty drafts of things with people and separate my judgement from them.

It always starts really small. That's something I keep missing. I know I've written  vomits about taking baby steps, I just need to follow my own advice. My own instructions. I've definitely accumulated more than enough advice. So I can no longer use the excuse of "there's no advice tailored for me" - that excuse was never really valid to begin with, obviously, but now it's been completely eliminated. Or so I'd like to think. Do remember that the saboteur is endlessly creative. You cannot defeat him with a single blow - that's what he wants you to believe. You have to struggle, and you have to renew the struggle every day. The idea of this only sounds overwhelming and exhausting because you don't have much practice, and your imagination is limited. You haven't learned to expand your imagination to include possibilities that you haven't considered yet.

You can grow, get bigger, get stronger, dominate your circumstances - not with sheer force, but with an elegant artfulness. You can become a symbol of something better, something to aspire towards, something o be proud of. And honestly, fuck what other people think. All you really want is to live well and die happy. And that means earning your own respect, sleeping well at night after a good day's work. That stuff seemed easier when you were doing manual labor - "writers block" is often a problem of associating your self-worth with your work. A part of that is useful because it makes you want to be better. But it's also damaging if you aren't careful, because nothing is ever good enough. You have to integrate that understanding into your work. To be imperfect, to strive towards perfection, yet to acknowledge and accept your limitations. There will be shortfalls. It can't be helped. You just have to keep moving. And if you use a good filing system, if you make your stuff easily searchable and navigable, then it can build on itself.

Just get it done. Deal with the imperfections later. Better than being empty-handed. You know this.
It’s 238am, Saturday, May 25th. My last published word vomit was on May 8th. It’s been 17 days. This is definitely too long a period of time for me to go without writing a vomit. I’ve noticed myself getting tired, lethargic and so on – going through the motions. I’ve noticed myself cycling through apps on my phone, trying to find some sort of distraction. This is obviously a sign that things aren’t going quite right for me.

This is a relatively minor stumbling block for me compared to past ones. I’m definitely not depressed. As I write this I find myself thinking that I’m quite excited, that I have a lot of opportunities ahead of me, and there’s a lot of things that I know I could be doing to make my life better in a myriad of ways. I just don’t quite feel like I have the energy, or the right mindset, or something. I don’t think I’m lacking any particular philosophical tool. I’ve been here before. The way out is to stop, breathe, reflect, prioritise, and do one thing right. And then another. Right now, the right thing for me to do is to work on this vomit, publish it, and then go to bed. Tomorrow morning I will wake up, and then I will spend some time to clean my house. Then I will hit the gym for a bit. Then I will shower, have lunch, and then I will start my day – catching up on work that I need to do.

Beyond my day-to-day work commitments, I’ve accumulated a backlog of self-work that needs doing. I think I do bits and pieces of these through word vomits, and so simply making it a point to do vomits regularly will help with that. I need to begin to reorient myself for the future. What do I want to accomplish next? Who do I want to become?

I’m going to be giving a couple of paid lectures in the coming months, which is pretty exciting. It’s a sign of advancement. I need to be more deliberate about this. I want to meet more people who work in my field. To do that, I need to have something of value to give. I think I want to do this by fleshing out my marketing blog, at visakanv.com/marketing/. This is where things get a little vague – I wasn’t entirely sure what I wanted to do with my marketing blog. I started out thinking that it ought to be a scrapbook or swipe file of sorts – but now I think it should really be a series of letters that I want to write to other people in my industry. I want to write for younger versions of myself – and I’ve found a great way to do this is simply to talk to my real younger peers who are interested in doing what I do. So there’s that. I also think it will be useful to do a research review of sorts, analysing everything I’ve read. I do sincerely believe that a person’s honest opinion, honest appraisal, is still valuable in a world where we know most people in most contexts are simply doing and saying whatever they need to in order to in order to fulfil their obligations. I want to do that but I also want to do more.

Several times before, when I’ve been in this position – I’m on my computer at night, and I have a bit of time to kill before my wife comes to bed – I’ve found it tempting to hang out on social media, or play video games. But I’m really bored and tired of those things, and I want to focus on working for myself. I need to value myself more, value my time more. I want more out of my life, and that means I’m going to have to put in more work into my life. So this is me doing that. This is for you, Future Visa. I hope you appreciate it. But I’m going to do it even if you don’t, because it’s something I want to do for myself, too.

I’m also starting to think about what it means to be a career writer. Of course I have the same ultimate lofty goal as every other writer – to write the next great novel, to reach hundreds of millions of people with my most sincere, honest thoughts. While that’s kind of a nice goal to have, it’s also very escapist – it’s a very big leap to make, and lots of people who try to do it from scratch just fail miserably. It’s not a smart strategy. A smarter strategy would be to write much smaller things for smaller audiences, and to get those things right, and then to build upon that. I can think of a bunch of writers that I love and would like to emulate in this regard. I need to be much more explicit about the group of writers that I want to emulate, and then create my own versions of their work. If I am serious about this goal, I need to take intermediate steps right now so that I can reap the rewards later on. And again, it’s really not about the promise of some reward. I already know that people who write wildly popular things don’t exactly have the idyllic fantasy life that some folks fantasise about. It’s quite obvious that fame is a pain in the ass, and that you’re going to have to deal with lots of people misunderstanding your work, calling you names… there are all sorts of traps associated with “success”. So pain is inevitable. Suffering is somewhat optional. But you have to choose what you want to hurt for, and how you want to hurt. I want to earn my own self-respect, and I will respect myself for developing and growing as a writer. For achieving more. For writing things that matter, to myself and to other people.

This vomit is just scratching the surface of what I need to be doing. That’s what happens when you’re out of the game for too long. That’s okay. Just get back in the game.

I have a sprawling to-do list that’s just full of things that I haven’t gotten around to. This is an interesting challenge and opportunity. Some of these things are dated and I should just say no to them. But really what I need to do is to get to a meta-level. To recognise that I’m trapped in a box, with my limitations keeping me in, and that I’ll have to carefully examine my situation in order to transcend it. I don’t think it’ll ever be possible to get to “inbox zero” with a bunch of todos. So I need to find some better way of feeling happy and fulfilled. It has to be a measure of flow, a measure of progress, a rate of change sort of metric rather than an absolute one. I know I need to be writing every day. If I’m not writing, I’m stagnating, and if I’m left stagnant, I start to get a little… decrepit. It’s not a good look, and it doesn’t feel fun either. I want to have fun. Life is short, we should all have as much fun as we can before we die. And to have really great fun, we have to be imaginative. All the “lots of fun in the short term” options are uncreative, and often destructive.

How can I have more fun? I find myself thinking about my guitars, which are hanging on my wall, that I haven’t really touched in a while. I find myself thinking about the youtube videos that I want to make. I’ve made a couple of videos recently – they’re really just word vomits in video form. I want to do this partly because I think it’s such a shame I don’t have more videos of myself from the past – there’s something that gets captured in a video that mere writing and photographs can’t quite capture. And also I want to get more comfortable speaking to an international audience. I want to get better at communicating, at being understood. Doing this on more than one medium definitely has its uses. I don’t intend to be a famous YouTuber – I just want to get into the habit of publishing videos of myself. Maybe at least one a week? I should do one tomorrow. Adding a todo for that now.

I want to get this word vomit project over and done with as quickly as possible. I have 346 vomits left to write. If I do one a day (and remember, I went 17 days without writing a single one recently), then I still won’t be done until 2018. I’d really like to be done in 2017. This means that I have to write more than one word vomit a day. This means that I have to change my behaviour significantly. It means that I’ll have to write on my commutes. It means I’ll have to try and publish one word vomit before I leave the house, and one more before I go to bed. If I manage to write 2 a day, that’s 173 sets of vomits. If I can pull this off, I’ll be done in September. That seems reasonable. I just need to set aside time to write. This isn’t all that crazy. I’ve found myself running in circles for no reason at all, and that’s definitely time I could have spent writing. I’m publishing unedited words anyway, so it’s not like things need to be good. They just need to be done.

I’m thinking now of how little I’ve exercised in the past year even though I have access to a home gym that I spent a couple of thousands of dollars on. I haven’t completely fallen off the wagon; I still work out at least once every two weeks or so. But I should be working out every 3 days. I know i’ve written a few vomits before about how exercise is psychoactive, how it has all sorts of mental and psychological benefits, how it’s fun, how it makes me feel alive, how it makes me realise that I could be doing more with myself, more for myself, at any given point in time. So I definitely need to exercise tomorrow.

I told myself to have a system of doing regular reviews. I just messaged a friend earlier to remind him to do his. It’s funny, how hard it is to maintain this habit. On a daily level I think I just tell myself that oh I’m so tired, I’ll do it later, I’ll do it tomorrow. But then it doesn’t get done. And if I’m not doing regular reviews of my everyday life, then how do I know if I’m getting better at living the life that I want to be living? Some people might do this without writing, but just by reflecting and meditating. I think I could use some of that too. What am I waiting for? I don’t want to obsess about this too much – the point is to act. I’m writing a vomit now. I want to do a review tomorrow morning, going over all of my things as quickly as possible. Ah – I realise I often get distracted y some specific detail of whatever’s on my plate, and then I start pursuing the on the spot. That’s a bad idea. I need to learn to set a course for myself and then follow it without being distracted mid-way. I’ve definitely gotten better at this over the years, but I need to continually get better yet, otherwise I’m stagnating, and when I stagnate I get decrepit, and life goes from being an adventure to an ordeal.

Sometimes I wonder if I deliberately make my own life a little difficult because some part of me feels like I need to suffer, atone for my sins. It seems a little far-fetched in writing, but think about how sometimes people who’ve been abused, continue to seek out new abusers to abuse them. It’s sad, silly, all of those things. And yet I am like that in my own way. That’s just a bug of the human mind. We’re only sort-of conscious. We’re only sort-of able. We have to accept that, and integrate that into our dealings with reality.

Do I have time for another? I established earlier that if I wrote 2 vomits a day, I could be done in September. If I do 3 vomits in a day, I’d be done in July. Shortly after I turn 27. Now that would be even cooler. The more I do, the faster I can go, the faster I can be done. And it’s not like these things take a ton of my time. I spend more time doing random nonsense every day than I spend writing. I can definitely do much better than this. I just need to change the way I think about these things. I still have an overly perfectionist and overly completionist attitude towards these things – the whole “oh, I’m not going to be able to do a good one today so let’s just not even start” attitude. When I sit down and write about it and Ithink about it, it’s obviously bullshit. But when I’m going about my day, and the thought “hey I should write a word vomit tonight” enters my mind, my followup thought is usually “sorry, no time”, or “let’s have a bit of fun first”. I need to dismantle both of those things in order to get to where I really want to go, to become who I really want to become.

“Sorry, no time” is a cop out. If my goal in life is to be a writer, then I need to be writing. I have to make it a priority. Nobody can disturb me. Surely I can have 20 minutes a day where there’s time to sit down and write something. I’m a pretty fast typist – I can definitely publish a word vomit within half an hour, sometimes less. I just need to riff more, and be okay with starting without knowing where a particular thing is going. I also need to turn my thoughts and feelings about general things (usually things that I encounter on social media) into writing exercises. Why argue with a stranger online, when they won’t appreciate it? Why not instead focus on articulating your own position in life, your own challenges, your own goals and so on?

Clearly there’s still something a little missing from my self-concept, from my identity. I still think of myself as a naughty irresponsible boy. I wonder if it’ll ever be possible to change my perspective on that. I mean, I’ll probably always be mischievous and always get into trouble. I want to be. I feel like I’ve been living my life a little too safe these past couple of years, and I’m done for more volatility, more surprises.

I’m terrified of the prospect of becoming a boring old man who sits around commenting on things, and other people are obliged to play “humour the baby” with him. Humour the middle-aged old man who never really accomplished much, but has an opinion on everything.

I do have an opinion on everything – well maybe now less of everything than before – but the point is that I want to be more than just a talking head. I want to achieve something that I can be personally proud of. What would those achievements be? I need to have an honest conversation with myself about what respectable looks like, what honourable looks like, what goodness looks like and so on. I think it’s too easy to fall into the trap of thinking that you have to do what other people are doing, you have to relate with them on their terms. I’ve already been spared some of this by getting married early, by working at a startup, by not going to University, and so on. But those things are all in the distant past now. They are fragments of memories from a dream that I once had a long time ago. I inhabit a different reality now. I am a different person now. All of the physical cells that made up who I was are all gone. What remains are patterns, what Hulse would call neurotic holding patterns. And I need to shake that shit out of me so that I can reorient myself to be receptive to what’s next.

So what IS next? A stronger, better version of myself. Someone who meets more people. Someone who writes more. Someone who prioritizes, who does what is best for himself and the people he cares about. Someone who is able to let things slide. Someone who has self-control, self-discipline, a great sense of humour. I want to grow old and become someone like Daniel Dennett or Oliver Sacks or James Mattis. Is it possible? I guess that’s the question that I’ve been grappling with the past year or so. Is it actually possible for me to drink from the nectar of the gods, to grasp real greatness? To get into the bigger arenas? There’s no point obsessing over those questions because the obsession doesn’t help – what helps is to get out of your current arena and get into the slightly more difficult one, slightly bigger one. You know what I mean? Progress is incremental. If you’re a Division 3 football player, and you want to play at the Premier League level, you likely need to get to Division 2 first. Sure, some folks might be able to jump straight to the end, but it makes a lot of sense to progress step by step. I’m thinking now about a Facebook note that Boz wrote and Zuck replied to – something about how the path is something that’s necessarily a little winding, necessarily progressed through incrementally. You have to lift 50kg before you can lift 100kg. That’s just… physics, goddamnit. And there’s a similar sort of logic about how the world works in general. You can’t hope and pray for some runaway hit. You have to put in the hours, put in the work, cross one threshold at a time.

Today, that means writing and publishing my 3rd word vomit in a row, and then likely going to bed (maybe I’ll attempt #4). Tomorrow, it’ll mean doing a review and cleaning out my tasks and figuring out next steps to make my dream(s) a reality.

The time is now 10:05pm on a saturday night, March 25th 2017. It’s been quite a casual, lazy day. I watched some Extra Credit videos over lunch about the Punic wars, and was surprised to learn that Hannibal, Carthage, Barcelona and Archimedes are all related. History is fascinating and I’d like to learn more about it. I also watched Trevor Noah’s standup special over dinner, and finished watching Dave Chapelle’s special (1.5x speed is a hell of a drug). I also got a bit of work done, and spent a bit of time thinking about Paramore (I want to write a word vomit memoir about them) and about principles and values.

What do I want to do with my life? I want to be a writer. Be more precise. I want to be an accomplished writer that I admire. I want to write things that I’m proud of. What would it take for me to be proud of something that I’ve written? It would have to accomplish something that hasn’t been accomplished before, at least in my estimation. But I don’t just want some mythical piece of writing in the indefinite future – I want to be the steward of a process of writing that I admire. I think that means producing a minimum volume of written work a day. I established in a previous vomit that I would have to do 3 word vomits a day in order to finish my project by July this year. That seems like an achievable goal – but I know from past experience that I have trouble even making sure that I write once every single day. So I need to be vigilant. Anyway, I’m writing now.

What will it take to continue to develop as a writer? What are the intermediate steps? Well I think one of the first things I can do is to begin publishing work over at existing publications. That’s a measurable, concrete goal. It would be cool to publish say at least 5 things on reasonably cool publications sometime this year. I can imagine publishing something on a video game blog. Something on a tamil/indian culture blog. Something on a Singaporean site. I know that most editors are happy to receive quality content. I just need to take a little initiative. So one of my next steps will be to identify places that I want to have my work published, and then accomplish that.

I might also want to do the same thing for my marketing blog. Right now (meaning today and tomorrow) I don’t feel like I have time for that. I need to publish 3 word vomits tonight for myself, and then I need to spend tomorrow catching up on work. Once I’m done with that though, I think on Monday it would be cool to spend some time in the evening working on this goal of getting published across several publications. I’ll make a list of about 20 writers that I like and want to emulate. (Created to-dos for both of these). I’ll also want to summarise what I’ve learned and achieved over the past 4 years. I’ve been putting that off for a while because it’s a little depressing to realise that I haven’t achieved nearly as much as I’d like to have achieved by now. But those are just feelings. Feelings are feelings. What matters is assessing the situation accurately and making better decisions from there. Let’s assume that it’s true that I haven’t accomplished enough in the past 4 years, what should I do? I still have all sorts of advantages and resources that I can use to get myself into a place that I want to be. I’m going to be giving a couple of marketing talks in the coming months. I’ll be paid for my trouble, which is cool. I can build on that.

I need to have a serious private conversation with myself about what exactly I want and how exactly I’m going to get it. Most of my friends and peers know that I’m a pretty decent writer and a pretty decent marketer, by virtue of exposure. But this exposure has been rather casual and almost accidental. I want to get a lot more deliberate about it. I want to be publishing material at a much more feverish pace. I want to be tidying up and editing my work at a regular pace, too. I need to be measuring my progress on that. Publishing volume can be easily measured by word count. Editing volume I think is probably best measured in terms of hours for now. It’s not perfect, but it’s better than nothing.

After I’m done with this word vomit, I’m going to go through my “become an author” category in Things and then I’m going to delete anything that doesn’t feel relevant, that doesn’t excite me. I need to strike a balance between keeping old things around, and having some space to respond to new things as they come. I can’t just respond to every single thing that comes, because then nothing substantial will get done. But I’ve also definitely been holding on to some old things long past their due – things that now feel like a frustrating burden. I can delete those things and then allow them to return to me whenever they do, naturally. I need to trust my own internal rhythms a bit more, and rework the superstructure that I’m building around myself to make myself a productive, effective writer.

At the heart of all of it will have to be a daily writing practice. I can write junk if I have to. The quality of my “junk” today is a lot better than some of my best attempts in the past. If my writing suffers in the present day, the main reason is typically lack of sleep. So I need to stop sabotaging myself and make sure that I sleep early. It’s 1026pm now. I would like to be sleeping at 11pm, worst case 12mn. I slept at 4am yesterday, which was way too late. I did get a full night’s sleep, but then woke up in the afternoon. That’s better than not sleeping enough, but I should just sleep earlier. I keep trying to have it both ways, and I need to come to a hard decision on this if I’m going to be able to take myself seriously. Am I serious about my sleep or am I not? I know that lack of sleep = cognitive impairment. I know some people who seem to be able to get away with less sleep, but I know categorically that I’m not one of them. So I need to make a decision and not pussyfoot around this. Does it matter or does it not?

What are my principles?

A bunch of my colleagues were chatting about our company values and it was an interesting discussion – some of us have been around since before we sat down to articulate them, and others have joined later on and encountered them as though they were always there. It was interesting to talk about why we came up with them in the first place, and how we were hesitant to codify them at the start, and how they’ve since actually been useful in running the company because they help us evaluate decisions that have been made and so on.

(The important thing to making this work is to be able to evaluate past decisions according to the stated values, celebrate good examples, and evaluate bad examples. A company’s values are not what it says they are, but what it prioritizes, what it rewards. There is utility in having your actual values and stated values be aligned. If they are misaligned, then there are costs. There’s the minor cost of carrying around a bunch of meaningless phrases that don’t mean anything, and the more major cost of everyone now doubting the truth-value of everything else that is said in the organization.)

Which brings me to thinking about my own personal values and principles. I prefer the word ‘principles’ to ‘values’, because the latter is quite a loaded phrase with all these moral implications. Principles is an easier term to work with. They’re the fundamental, axiomatic assumptions we make about how to do things. Ask me what my values are, and honestly I have no idea where to begin. I’ll probably make something up based on whatever is recent in my memory. Ask me what my principles are, and I think my mind is naturally led to more rigorous territory. But still not nearly as rigorous as I think I’d like.

Everybody has principles whether they realise them or not, whether they articulate them or not. “I have no principles” is still a system – you'll still almost always have more things to do than you can actually get done, so you’re always going to have to be making trade-offs. You might just not be aware that you’re making these trade-offs, maybe because you’re attending to whatever is most urgent, whatever is noisiest or scariest, or whatever is most fun or easy. Or maybe (this is highly improbable, in my opinion) you’re Truly Random about how you prioritise things.

If you examine a history of behaviour – whether a person’s behaviour, or an organization’s – you will almost definitely find patterns. (Your pattern-recognition system itself is likely biased, because humans are wired to recognise patterns even when they aren’t there, so you have to be self-reflexive and consider whether the patterns you observe are actually there, or cherry-picked, or imagined.) But you will almost definitely find real patterns, because it’s staggeringly difficult for any person or group of persons to be truly random. People are creatures of habit. Think of any old friend that you have, and how you may have had the same conversation with them dozens of times. Think of your own set of internal thoughts. Most people (myself included) have a surprisingly small number of thoughts. There’s a great quote by Christopher Alexander about how “If I consider my life honestly, I see that it is governed by a certain very small number of patterns of events which I take part in over and over again.”

Let’s recap what I’m trying to say here. Most people can reduce their lives into a surprisingly small number of little patterns. If you examine these patterns of events and behaviours, you should be able to identify trade-offs that are made repeatedly. These repeated tradeoffs are indicative of preferences, or principles. Now, the phrase ‘preference’ is a bit loaded. There are people who repeatedly do things that they say they hate. And they look like they’re suffering, like it’s very unpleasant, and they seem really tired, guilty, ashamed, all of those things. But if they do it over and over again, then they have a ‘preference’ for it. It could be that they are not aware of other options, or that they don’t believe that other options exist, or if they do exist, they seem impossible, or if they seem possible, it still seems too difficult or complicated. For example, for a long time I had an aversion to the kitchen. The kitchen was an ‘ugh field’ for me. If my wife was in the kitchen, and she called to me to help her, I would literally ignore her, or say something like “yup, coming” and then not move. You could say that I had a preference for not-cooking. An aversion to cooking. Or I preferred eating takeout, which is typically unhealthier.

As I write this, it occurs to me that language makes this a little more complicated than it has to be. Language is very loaded with meaning that isn’t always intended. I just spent a seemingly unnecessary amount of time trying to work around the word ‘preference’. But really all I’m trying to say is… when it comes to patterns of behaviour, people do behave in startlingly mechanical ways. I mean… animals can be incredibly mechanic. One of the things that often blows my mind is seeing my cats groom themselves aggressively after being startled. It’s self-soothing behaviour. Humans do the same thing too, with junk food or internet distractions and notifications and whatnot. I remember reading a passage in Lives of a Cell where Lewis Thomas described how some insect would perform some act with mathematical precision – and if you moved the object, it would then repeat the action indefinitely for as long as you could be bothered to do it.

I’m now thinking of something else, about how humans are blessed and cursed with fuzzy minds and fuzzy thoughts – evolutionary ‘mistakes’ that turned out to have some seeming biological advantage. (This is still yet to be seen, we may destroy ourselves yet. Or we may spread life beyond Earth. Which, in turn, is not obviously a good thing either. We’ll see. Or not.) The point is – pre-humans are incredibly mechanical and methodical and precise. This leads to moths burning themselves in flames. Humans like to flatter ourselves by thinking that we’re better than that. But we all get drawn to flames of our own. We systematically fall into traps designed to exploit our biases – fake news, clickbait, boobs on video thumbnails, cute cats… they’re all the same sort of thing.

We might differ on some finer points about determinism and free will, and about precisely how mechanical or predictable humans are. I think humans have the capacity to surprise themselves and each other, and that’s where art and laughter comes from. But these surprises often tend to be rather ‘localised’, or discrete. Sometimes if we’re lucky, it inspires or challenges a person to make a big change to their lives and to then restructure themselves to contribute to humanity in some cool way. But most of the time I think most people tend to be quite comfortably circling around a simple-ish life that they find fulfilling. Not that simple is bad or anything, just that people are different.

I’m having an unusual amount of trouble sticking to the matter at hand in this vomit here, lol.

Where I think we can find common ground is this: people are instinctively familiarity seeking, routine-seeking. I remember when I was a teenager there were some who liked to put on this persona of “oh I’m so random haha”, which was never quite as random as they’d have liked to think. There’s a predictability to ‘i’m so random’ randomness – for some it’s quirky stuff, for some its gore, for some it’s sex, whatever – it’s about looking for things that are tangential or taboo, and people actually have almost depressingly few things to choose from.

I mean, it’s just challenging to be creative in general. Complete gibberish doesn’t mean anything. So you have to pick something that’s different in the right amounts, in the right way. I think /r/askreddit is quite a good place to hang out on to get a sense of people’s originality and predictability. Music and fashion changes, but in a sort of cyclic, I refute my predecessor way. Yeah, let’s talk about music. What was the last really original piece of music to come around? What was the last really novel pop song? Everything is a remix. People fundamentally want the same things. Creativity works within some anthropocentric constraints.

So I think I’ve established that people are generally quite predictable most of the time, generally want the same things, generally fear and avoid the same things, and so on. Most people don’t change that drastically (although we’re all one hard, well-placed knock to the head away from becoming a completely different person). Some people change… and come to think of it I’d really like to read a study that really dug deep into people who’ve changed dramatically. I think Charles Duhigg referenced something like that in Power of Habit.

But what I’m getting at with all of this is… if people have patterns of behaviour, then those patterns of behaviour reveal their principles. If you’re a striving sort of person, there’s almost definitely a gap between your desired principles and your revealed principles. This is definitely the case for me. I was ‘hoping' to be asleep at midnight, and it’s now 230am. So what does this mean? Am I not really serious about wanting to sleep early? In this case I let myself frame it as “oh, I want to write, too. I want to publish 3 word vomits a day. And I’d rather sleep late than not publish.” Is this always true? Not always. This is just the second day that I’m making sure to publish 3 vomits in a day. Can I continue to keep the chain going? If so, then I can say that “my highest known, articulated principle is that I should publish 3 vomits every day. My 2nd strongest principle would be that I should sleep early.”

How do I achieve both? Wanting to publish 3,000 words a day and sleep before midnight sounds like a very achievable thing to me. So what’s stopping me? I’m starting too late. Why don’t I start earlier? And I’m working with distractions. A friend had texted me and I was enjoying myself texting back. So the question I have to ask myself is – is it acceptable to me to allow my friends’ texting me to interrupt my writing, which then interrupts my sleep? It’s okay if the answer is yes, but then I need to know why exactly that is okay.

So this is where we get to an interesting place. I get to decide now what is okay and what is not. And I’m tempted to argue in defence of my immediate past behaviour, so I don’t feel like I”m betraying myself. I could rationalise it as “well, it was an interesting conversation, and interesting conversations are a part of being a good writer”. It would be true. But I don’t like this. The 3rd principle doesn’t fit with the other two. Sleeping early leads to improved overall cognition and well being. Writing every day makes me a better writer. If I anticipated having a conversation at night, I should have gotten my writing done out of the way. Perhaps it would be prudent then to get my writing done first thing in the morning every day, so that I can then go about the rest of my day without worrying about whether or not something interesting is going to crop up and put me in a mess.

That makes sense, right? Makes sense to me. So. Sleep early. Write 3 word vomits first thing in the morning. Let’s try that tomorrow. Time for bed.

So I’m trying something new today. I slept later than I intended last night, so it’s now 1130am. I remember that the last thing I decided last night was that I should make writing my “first thing in the morning” task. And to do that, I realise that it’s necessary not just to start writing when I wake up, but also to avoid any possible distractions prior to it. I know that my primary distraction is the Internet. As I’m writing this, I know that I have new things on Facebook and Twitter just “waiting for me”. And I’m thinking now about how liberating it actually was when I was on holiday in India and I didn’t have to bother with those things at all. Social media is really a hell of a drug.

So we’re back in the territory of principles and preferences. Should I have to “deny themselves” (see how language is leaking meaning again?) something like social media in the morning? I don’t want to say that there’s a definitive answer, but hey – I’m pretty sure that if I hadn’t turned off my wifi and then closed my Telegram app, I would be scrolling through a bunch of newsfeed right now. Once I’m already scrolling through Facebook, it’s pretty easy to then open another tab for reddit. And then I can spend hours on that stuff, which is how lots of my time just slips away.

This isn’t intrinsically a bad thing if that’s how I want to live my life. I think adding too much guilt and shame to some set of nations makes the problem worse because there’s some sort of subconscious rebellion going on. It’s okay to live one’s life just coasting along and checking Facebook and Reddit every so often. The thing is, it’s becoming clear to me that I can’t do that AND simultaneously develop a large body of work in a surprisingly short amount of time. If I spend my social media hours writing, I would’ve been done with this project by now and I would’ve moved on to the next stage in my writing path/trajectory. Wouldn’t that have been cool? I think so.

Here I find that I’m in the same sort of dilemma as I was as a student – if I had studied hard and diligently instead of picking around, I would have had life open up its opportunities to me. I could’ve travelled abroad to study, met all sorts of other interesting, driven people, and things would’ve been so different. I’m good at rationalising my current position and synthesising happiness. But I don’t think I want to continue using this skill set for the rest of my life. I don’t want to just invent stories after the fact about how things are really quite okay. Because I can already say now that life will be “really quite okay” no matter how it goes. I could end up in jail for some reckless accident and then spend the rest of my life reading and writing in jail and that would still be “unfortunate but quite okay”. If I lead a moderate family life – have a couple of children with my wife,continue working on my career path for the next 30 years without trying anything different or new, maybe just learn to cook a few more dishes, and read a few more books… that would be quite okay, too. I mean, there are lots of people who haven’t even made it as far as I have, getting killed at 17 or 19 or getting childhood cancer. Not everybody gets to live a full life like Lemmy or Lee Kuan Yew or Oliver Sacks or Daniel Dennett.

(I just felt myself tempted to open Facebook. But the wifi is off. Interesting catch. These things are pretty scary when you really get down to it.)

Now I’m thinking about how Oliver Sacks is no longer in this world. Prince and Lemmy and David Bowie. It’s an interesting thing, death. Michael Jackson has been dead for some time. Lee Kuan Yew has been dead for two years. if you enlisted into Singapore National Service on the day he died, you would have ORD’d a couple of days ago. Two years ago I was in Cebu with my friend Damien when we found out. Life definitely seems to move at a faster pace as you get older. Though maybe there are some variations. Time didn’t even really seem “real” when I was in primary school. I didn’t quite consider it. You had a birthday every year which was something you looked forward to, and new year’s, and holidays and such, but that seemed to be about it. As someone on reddit said – the Christmases you experienced from 6 to 12 were just pure happiness with no baggage, no guilt, no shame, no worries or cares, just magical. Something like that. But that isn’t something we should be yearning for (although we all probably secretly will – there’s a hero’s journey aspect to it, there’s a Freudian aspect to it.)

It’s interesting how meta and recursive everything gets, and how challenging it is to ever come up with a set of points that adequately reflects this, without turning itself into a sludgey mess. I think it’s a challenge I would like to attempt to solve in my lifetime. Just for fun, out of curiosity. I do think it can be done with words. Or maybe in film, or animation. I need to watch that anime with the crazy cuts. Maybe I need to experiment with word vomits with crazy cuts. Which would be an interesting sort of ‘full circle’ – my early vomits were about me trying to talk about many different things to fill up the space. Along the way I tried to focus and stick to the matter at hand, which I think I’ve gotten reasonably decent at doing. And now I’m thinking about how I can bring up multiple things to talk about the same thing. It’s an evolution. I’m thinking of Dave Chappelle’s standup now, where he told multiple stories while also telling 4 little stories about the times he met OJ Simpson. It was just a clever, interesting bit of structure. One of the Ender’s Game sequels did that too, by using bits of a conversation between two characters as introductions to chapters. It makes me realise, as I’m writing this, that something seemingly straightforward and simple can be made interesting based on how you pace it, how you set it up, how you tell it. I don’t think I quite appreciated that enough as a creator. And it really reveals that even though I’ve spent so much time writing words, I haven’t spent any time telling stories at all. I should start doing standup. I should start doing video. And I should start writing shitty fiction.

This will be word vomit 0660 and I’m getting started on it on a Sunday morning at 1150am. Now this is starting to feel good. A part of me is tempted to go downstairs and get some coffee, but I think I’m just going to focus on getting the writing done first. I want to do 3 vomits every morning. This is the second of today’s series. It’s like working out. I’m on my second set. I want to complete 3 sets every day. It’s just the commitment that I’ve made to myself as a writer, and it will allow me to breathe a little easier, knowing that one part of my life is a little less full of shit. Then once I make this a foothold, I can systematically reduce bullshit elsewhere in my life. Having written 1.1 vomits so far, I’m now thinking about how I’d like to work out after this is done. Isn’t it funny how that works? Admiral McRaven talked about this in his commencement speech, when talking about the virtue of making your bed. It’s just one small task that, when completed, gets the ball rolling, and gives you the confidence you need to believe and know that you can do another. And another. I have successfully written a word vomit in the morning without any distractions, without doing anything else (apart from feeding my cats and going to pee). If I can do that, what else can I do? I can write another one? Sure.

My overthinking drive kicks in at this point and says things like, “why don’t you just keep writing? Maybe you could do 40 in a single day!” Slow down, Satan. My record for most word vomits done in a single day, if I remember correctly, is 15. (Which were those again? I’m tempted to go check them out.  I shall add a todo.)

But see, this is the odd way in which my brain tends to work. It races to extremes. It tries to get excited about doing something big, something bold, something all at once. [1] But I’ve been learning over the years that if you want to really do something good, something really big and bold, you’re going to have to do it in bits and pieces day after day after day. This seems boring and disappointing to the monkey-child mind, but it’s actually quite liberating, interesting and exciting to the adult mind. I want to grow up, I want to be a full adult, I want to be mature and respectable as a person so that I can be childlike and irreverent in my work. I keep saying those things because it feels good to say it, but the point is that I need to do the work required in order to achieve it.

(Here I found myself thinking about something somebody tweeted about the recent archetype of ‘former teenage rebels in positions of responsibility’ in media, and I was tempted to look it up.)

What’s next? I guess this vomit is now about the nature of my monkey mind and how it really jumps around, from thing to thing, looking for shiny things, looking for distractions. And I can’t really begrudge it for that, but I have to acknowledge that that’s how it is. Sometimes I wonder what life would be like with a child. I need to wake up to this idea that I DO live with a child – who lives inside my own brain. Sometimes it throws tantrums. I think we’ve generally improved upon our relationship in the past few years, but I’d like to really take it to the next level. I’d like to have one of those trust-fall type relationships, where we can both really trust teach other to take care of things because life is just so goddamn exhausting when you can’t trust yourself.

I need to make this a part of my reviews. [todo added]

How shall we end this? The central point here is akin to what Tim Urban described in Wait But Why’s post about procrastination. It’s all about knowing and understanding the monkey. And being kind to the monkey. Loving the monkey. And yet not entirely indulging the monkey. That’s called being an adult. That’s the textbook definition of growing up. Nobody else can look inside your head and see precisely how crazy your monkey is. I think I have an unusually crazy monkey. My monkey’s like 90th or 95th percentile crazy. But life isn’t a comparative suffering game. And there are benefits to having a crazy monkey once you know how to manage it right. It’s a source of creativity and insight. You just need to keep him from sniffing glue. That’s not too hard, right? That’s not too hard at all.

[1]  "Let’s write 40,000 words in a day." First of all, is that possible? I know it takes me about 15-20 minutes to do 1,000. So let’s say that’s 3,000/hr. 10 hours would be 30,000. It would take 14 hours. Yeah, 40,000 is probably possible but I would have to be seriously strategic about it. I would have to have my meals all planned out, I would have to have no distractions, and I would have to have all my cues set up so that I’d be able to to go through them systematically, without wasting time in between thinking things like “oh, but what do I write next?”

Hypothetically then it’s possible to write a novel in a day if you plan everything out just so. But of course it’ll take many more days to do all the editing and so on.

I wonder now if I’d like to try and finish my word vomit project with a bang, maybe in the last 50,000 stretch. I could live-stream it or something. That actually would be pretty cool. I would probably literally injure my fingers from all that typing though. Which, again, oddly sounds a little fun to me. I’m a weird person that way.

And now we’re on to the third and final vomit of the day. It’s 1210am on a Sunday morning. And I have to admit this feels good. It feels good to get something out of the way. I could make this my life’s mission – to do things early and get them out of the way. Because I never did that when I was a child. I always chose the dark playground first. Which you can never fully enjoy either because you know that you have work in the back of your mind. And I always told myself, “But there will always be more work!” And it’s true. I’ve written 2 vomits, and I’m about to write a 3rd, and there will still be 339 word vomits left to write after I’m done with this. And yet. And yet I’m already starting to feel a little better inside. I’m starting to feel “hey I can do this”, “hey I’m a good person for looking out for myself and my goals”. I don’t yet deserve to slack off for the rest of the day – after this I think I’m going to hit the gym to , and then I’m going to get started on some real work.

The point that I want to internalise is this – you don’t need to get everything done in order to feel good about yourself. You just need to have done enough for the day. And your subconscious does seem to generally be smart enough to know what is ‘enough for the day’. You can reevaluate and modify your idea about what is ‘enough’ later on, but in the interim, you do physically, in your body, know the difference between a day well spent and a day not. And it’s really only about 4 hours of work, I believe. But those 4 hours have to be focused, un-distracted, applied hard and heavy towards the things that matter.

This is still counter-intuitive to me despite me reflecting on it over and over again. I started writing my first vomit today at 1130 am. It’s now 1215am. It’s been 45 minutes. So it seems I’m averaging about 20 minutes per vomit. That means I’m committing myself to an hour a day. Is that a big commitment? It seems reasonable, considering the amount of time I usually spend dicking around on the internet everyday – that’s probably about 2 hours a day at least. A bunch of it is spent on commutes, which seems reasonable, but that time could really be spent reading. I know that reading books is kind of energising, and reading social media is kind of exhausting. So I think I should really change my behaviour on that front. Now that’s a 4th principle waiting to happen. What are the principles again?

* Publish 3 word vomits every day to demonstrate your commitment to yourself as a serious writer
* Publish these first thing in the morning so you aren’t worried about them for the rest of the day, and so you can sleep early
* Sleep early because being cognitively alert is great, and early mornings rule (good for writing!)

The 4th one would be – when you’re commuting, make sure you’re either reading or writing. In an ‘extreme’ case, if I write 3 word vomits in the morning, then write 1 on the way to work and 1 on the way home, that’s 5 word vomits per weekday. That’s maybe a bit much. I don’t know. Let’s stick to 3 for now and keep it going for a couple of weeks. In the meantime, I also want to think about my reading habits. I have like a hundred books in my study – probably more. Almost definitely more. And I want to read almost all of them. This reading is not happening. So what is going on here? Do I want to read, or do I just want to want to read? Well I picked up a couple of books a couple of days ago with the intent of getting rid of them, and before I got rid of them I felt that it was only fair to just riff through them a little – and in the process of that riffing I found them fascinating and I really wanted to read them all the way through. (Letters to Thinkers, and the Letters of Vincent Van Gogh – both books that I thought I’d be quite comfortable getting rid of).

If I were really forced to get rid of them, I would, but otherwise I suppose I like having them around as some sort of indefinite option. “If I ever feel like reading Van Gogh’s letters…” – but that feeling has not come to me randomly since I got the book,w probably about 5 or 6 years ago. Why? Because I do not make time to read. It’s funny. If I go to the library, I’m quite likely to pick up a whole bunch of books and then try to start reading all of them at once – and ultimately be foiled because there simply isn’t enough time. At some point I racked up a massive library fine (well massive for when I was a teenager – about $30. I paid it since) and I could no longer borrow new books. And even now the idea of going to a library to borrow books feels a bit indulgent or silly, knowing that I have so many books at home.

But I used to have books at home AND library books, and the great thing about library books were the deadlines – you’d have to return them or pay a fine. So there was an urgency involved with library books. Books you own feel different. They’re old souls that you can get comfortable with over years and years. But I haven’t accumulated the books in my home library through slow and careful consideration. I bought a ton of them at a library book sale for $2 each, and other similar events. There’s a place near my parents’ where people simply leave old books for others to take. I’ve taken a bunch. I used to almost always take something overtime I visited, and it was one of the things I looked forward to when visiting.

I guess I’m starting to get a glimpse of what my life is like without social media and constant internet urgency. I do miss a life of reading books. There’s sort of depth that you lose yourself into when reading books that isn’t quite the same when you’re opening 20 tabs in chrome or swiping on your phone. There’s something about that physical action of sitting with a book that I really enjoyed. And I’m going to make more time for it. Should I make time for it today? Well – since I’ve already written my 3 word vomits for the morning in the morning, I suppose I could read in bed tonight before going to sleep. That sounds like a wonderful plan.

* write 3 word vomits first thing in the morning
* sleep early
* read a book before sleeping

Let’s keep this simple for now.

I have an essay swirling around in my mind about 'safe spaces' and I need to get it out of my system, but I can't seem to talk about it in a simple, succinct way.

Let me try. So... some people think that safe spaces have a coddling effect. And maybe that's true. And the examples are pretty lurid and fun to mock.

But the inverse is also a huge problem. 'Nasty spaces', or 'free-for-all' spaces. (I think there should be a better phrase). Toxic spaces. Basically open, anarchistic areas, "free market" areas, where anything goes.

The wishful ideal is that the freedom is intrinsically good, and the public will use it to engage in civil, mature debate, build things and make progress in an enlightened, open way.

The reality of it is a lot uglier and messier. Without some sort of 'house rules', the place ends up catering to the lowest common denominator. The gangsters and drunks storm the joint and mess shit up. Moderates get silenced by whoever is willing to be most destructive, most violent, most ugly. Online, for example, you can shut people up by doxxing them in a bad-faith way. This is fun for the bullies and assholes (because it gives them a sense of power), but thoroughly damaging to the community. Each time a good person leaves, the community becomes a marginally less good place for everyone. And the next best person leaves. And so on.

(This sort of happened to me on /r/singapore a few months ago, which hit me really hard and forced me to reconfigure my attitude towards open public spaces on the Internet – a very painful reconfiguration for someone who grew up dreamy-eyed on the Internet. But probably much less painful than for say, any woman who's received all sorts of messed up shit from creepy dudes online.)

The bullies of the Internet have a scripted defense for anybody who tries to talk about this. If you're being picked on for your race or gender, then you're playing one of those cards, you're overly sensitive, you're making it all about yourself, you're an attention whore. If you're trying to stand up for somebody else, you're a White Knight, trying to virtue-signal and get points for being such a good, nice person. You can't really win either fight. And those fights are really just a distraction – you're probably better off just ignoring it and focusing on trying to get to emphasize how toxic the environment is. (Or getting out of there, for your own sanity.)

But what the bullies don't seem to realize – or care about – is that driving away the good people makes the entire place shittier. And this is one of the greatest tragedies. You get deprived of different perspectives, you get deprived of interesting stories, and it's very hard to be cognizant of what you have lost each time a person-shaped Universe leaves and never comes back.

I'm most familiar with this phenomenon online, but it's really a human thing. It happens with groups of friends, cliques, groups, etc. I think it's the problem with sexism in the workplace. And the whole "ugh, why does everybody need safe spaces" response is rather mistaken. The problem is that many if not all environments are toxic to degrees that existing members do not recognize. And there are costs to that toxicity. It's kind of like being a smoker who says "I'm coughing like mad but apart from that it's not a big deal". You just learn to adjust. And if you CAN adjust, then you're one of the survivors. You can pat yourself on the back for being 'tough', but I think it's much more interesting to focus on what you're missing.

Anyway, here's the paradox I'm trying to outline – most people's dislike of Safe Spaces has to do with a dislike of being restrained. But all the best conversation, the most interesting information (money, debt, family issues, children, doubts, etc) doesn't come up UNLESS you can create an environment conducive to it.

In a way, refusing to respect that is more restrictive than anything else. You can go anywhere you like, and say whatever you like, but nobody will ever open up to you. In a way, it's kind of a dystopian, Black-Mirror-esque jail – the entire world around you learns to ostracize you in plain sight.

So – what is to be done? What do you do when you realize this?

I think the first thing to be done is to decide to protect the vulnerable. And the moment I typed that out I thought, "shit, that sounds like coddling". But there's totally a difference. Let's try to outline that.

Think about parenting, as an analogy. You don't want to be an overprotective parent who controls what your child sees, what she does, who she can hang out with, etc. You might even want to gently challenge her to try things that she's unfamiliar with and uncomfortable with, because you believe she'll enjoy it. (This is obviously a push-pull thing that you'll have to negotiate over time, and you will make some mistakes. I am not a parent. But you get the idea.)

AT THE SAME TIME – you want your child to feel confident and comfortable reaching out to you. You want her to feel safe coming to you and telling you her uncertainties and her doubts. This will make you a better parent. This will make your child a stronger, happier, healthier child.

Of course, you're not the parent of the whole world. Most of the time, you're a peer. But the same fundamentals apply. You don't want to coddle your friends with bullshit – you want to be honest with them. About what's going on, what you see, etc. And yet you don't want to mock and insult them. You want them to feel comfortable sharing their vulnerabilities and weaknesses. (I'm thinking now of the Loyalty Missions in Mass Effect 2. Some of the most badass people in the galaxy, and going through difficult times and talking about their feelings with one another made them stronger, not weaker.)

There's a difference between coddling and nurturing. We can nurture people to be strong. And we should, so that they may use their strength to protect and nurture others in turn. Not insulate. Not coddle. Nurture. Empower. Embolden. It can be done.
